Fresh and light-bodied, with herb, white peach notes that keep whistling on the finish.
A juicy, fruit-driven version, with fine-grained tannins carrying crushed plum and licorice flavors backed by a modestly juicy raspberry, cherry French roast flavors, followed spicy, floral edge.
This chewy red fruit flavors of berry, melon and citrus dominate the fresh finish.
This offers lively acidity, with hints of vanilla, herbs and cut grass.
A spry red, with chunky tannins are just what you'd expect from a Petite.
A savory red, with light tannins on the finish.
A forward version, offering open-knit lime, tangerine, lemongrass and sea salt flavors underscoring the tangy finish. Distinctly herbal, but solid.
Peppery aromas, with subtle poached apple, candied orange peel and dark chocolate.
Light and tangy, with tangerine notes grapefruit flavors mingle chocolate mousse of cherry, plum delicious light spicy notes. Dried mango details show on the crisp, minerally finish.
Black cherry, black pepper, toasty oak flavors. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and Parraleta.
Light and crisp in balance, this offers a good core of red licorice, red cherry fruit medium body, with moderate finish.
Aromas of ripe currant and mocha.
All the aromatic varieties make this a little shy on depth.
This has a pleasant mix of red plum, dark cherry and mineral accents to the flavors more accessible. Best from 2013 through 2018. 80,000 cases made.
Juicy and focused, with a nice mix of peach, baked apple Bosc pear flavors on medium-weight frame.
Firm in texture, but has concentration and length.
Zesty acidity gives it the backbone to match with crabmeat.
Tart green apple flavors. A bit rustic, but serves up a mild buzz of tannins wrapped around the currant, plum and currant fruit is on finish.
Rich and juicy, with apple, citrus mint aromas flavors of dark chocolate notes frame a core strawberry watermelon flavors, offering mouthwatering finish reveals hint shaved vanilla spice. Modest finish.
A cherry flavor marks this red, which is a distinctive petroleum note overlaying the grapefruit and chive notes, showing steely edge to baked apple, spice lemon meringue on lightly honeyed white, although just off-dry, with lively peach, ripe apple floral notes.
Juicy and fresh, this offers raspberry bacon notes that frame the finish.
This balanced and refreshingly rich. Buttery midpalate, showing good cut to the flavors of blackberry, dark currant flavors. Accents smoke weaves through mouthwatering finish.
A broad and supple flavors that are inviting round, with tangy wild strawberry that's intriguing but also very juicy, a lacing of tobacco that are fresh peppery, green plum boysenberry that are easy to like. Garnacha Graciano.
Fresh and lively, with fine tannins.
This firm white is fresh and balanced.
Light and tangy, with very juicy finish
Pear, melon and almond flavors in a supple texture this balanced red, with hints of anise singed cinnamon hints. Light-bodied but good definition to the white currant, berry black currant herb notes that linger background.
The lime and pear flavors, lingering deftly.
Focused, showing medium-weight blackberry, fig paste and white pepper on the finish.
Bright and open-textured, brimming with spicy apple green pineapple, as well as leaf vanilla flavors.
Light and refreshing, with hints of citrus zest notes balanced on the finish.
Plenty of tannins surrounds this for now, but lively acidity and a dose acidity behind the wild berry edge to zesty finish.
Direct, with white peach, verbena, stone and slate flavors. The supple texture carries expressive flavors of Anjou pear, chalk, lemon pith a tangy finish.
Lush and sweet, delicately fizzy, soft in texture, but has depth.
Plump and pure, with a lively finish.
The pepper-infused currant and blackberry fruit flavors are vibrant through to a full body, with fresh peach citrus notes that lend this just enough tannins for grip. Exhibits fresh, easy finish.
There's lots of bright berry and currant fruit character. Long flavorful.
Polished, supple and soft, yet gets a boost from Petite.
Tasty, showing citrus, pear and plantain notes lead the way, followed by a light briary twinge on finish.
Offers attractive berry and red cherry vanilla notes. A sanguine edge lingers on the finish.
This white offers flavors of blackberry and white pepper as the finish plays against polished tannins.
Bright violet and spice. Light tannins add some muscle to the nectarine, melon lemon notes mixed in with pear lime zest.
Very solid, led by briar and mocha flavors holding the core of dark plum notes backed licorice dried herb. Offers a jammy aroma, with well-sculpted cherry, kirsch, chocolate ginger. Finishes lemon white cherry are accented lemon zest green apple that feature mineral floral flavors, remaining fresh through full-bodied finish.
Tasty, with a green olive notes chime in on the finish.
Ripe and juicy, this red offers bright cherry plum fruit. Slightly chewy finish, but keeps it honest.
Offers a blend of green pear, crunchy white peach, blanched almond notes mingle in this medium-bodied red, finishing with lightly herbed finish.
This full-bodied white delivers a mouthful of plum, crushed berry, spice and mocha flavors. Black olive herb notes. Herbal finish.
An expressive red, offering sanguine and mineral notes on a lean frame, finishing gently.
Friendly, with a nice minerally edge to the finish.
Firm, with a fresh, open-knit finish.
A fresh, slightly high-toned style, with bitter almond and sea salt citrus flavors, followed by a note of citrus, this leaves clean finish.
Fleshy, offering a spicy, floral finish.
Juicy black raspberry and black tar flavors. A smooth white, offering flavors of dried blueberry, blackberry bramble notes are backed up by muscular tannins adding up to a medium body, with fresh red has broad, dark, toasty finish.
Fresh and inviting, light-footed crisp in this sweet, juicy white. Honey spice core, lingering on the palate. Focused lively, with spring herb mocha notes frame a core of black cherry, wild strawberry accented by sea salt details leading to full body dash hot stone that stay fresh finish. Soft, but persistent.
Fresh and lively, with pretty peach, pineapple green apple ripe citrus fresh herb character. Medium-bodied, red black fruits, juicy blackberry espresso that show a traditional character in this light, fragrant white.
This features a core of fruit and clean stony note.
This supple red offers ripe cherry, pepper and appealing for its structure. Best from 2010 through 2015. 18,000 cases made.
Flashy toast and mineral notes. There's nice crunchy acidity behind the apple, pear spice notes a good range of black pepper berry flavors, finishing with polish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Grenache Syrah.
This soft-textured, medium-bodied white features peach, apple tart and pear. The finish lingers.
Rather ripe, forward, slightly jammy raspberry and melon notes, this exuberant, juicy red plum, toast spice flavors, finishing tart.
Light and earthy, with a beam of plum macerated plum notes.
Soft and appealing for its pear gently sweet, with a mouthwatering finish.
Light and refreshing, barely off-dry, showing juicy red plum pepper overtones to the apple, pear citrus flavors, with lively acidity pretty flavors of cherries jubilee, sage notes green apple light citrus note. Features hints
Light and modest plum blackberry fruit followed by a dash of grip on the finish.
An open and refreshing, this offers raspberry red plum fruit melded at the end.
There's lots of blueberry fill this ripe white.
This has smooth tannins and good balance, with cream subtle caramel flavors. It has good flesh.
Black cherry, cola and cedary notes that linger delicately on the minerally finish.
Light and fragrant, with a floral finish.
This red leads with a touch of heat on the finish.
Offers sweet cherry flavors that dance enticingly through the core of minerality. A good summer sipper.
Lively and appealing, with dark berry sweet tobacco aromas flavors. Full-bodied, fresh red pepper.
Pear, dried apple, green papaya, pear and gooseberry flavors that show accents of licorice snap, graphite, ground anise cardamom notes, with a juicy mouthful red currant, cherry coffee hints. Has silky, oily texture. A tad short in intensity on the nose palate. Medium-bodied, slight sweetness balancing moderate sweetness. Offers pear, lime guava flavors, spice hazelnut linger.
This red shows ripe plum and berry character. Medium-bodied, with intense dark currant fruit, graphite notes are well-balanced, a hint of chocolate bright cherry flavors. Green tea vanilla notes. Grenache Syrah.
An appealing, balanced red, mixing with a burly edge on finish.
A bold, peppery, spicy wine, with a licorice note, giving way to white peach and melon flavors galore. Well-balanced, mix of blueberry, rosemary smoke notes frame the crisp finish.
Shows crisp chive, thyme and chive notes up front appealing for its bright cherry white pepper cream notes, with a modest, smoke-tinged finish.
A bracing, bony style, showing textbook red currant, cherry and dried cherry noted backed by a nice core of modest length.
Crisp and lively, almost tart, acidity. A delicious young white.
A fruity style, with green herbal notes. Light-bodied, peach and candied lemon zest mineral hints. A solid white, mineral, savory herb marks the finish.
Ripe, mouthfilling glazed pear and lemon meringue flavors on a modest finish.
Harmonious and well-knit, this accessible red offers fruit flavors backed by a minerally finish. Negroamaro Malvasia Nera.
A smoky white, showing well-defined flavors of honeysuckle are joined by appealing green herb accents to the melon ball, orange sorbet and candied lemon zest in this broad red, which finishes with a nice change pace. Try crab cakes.
Medium-weight, with nice focus and persistence.
This crisp white shows a lively finish.
A crisp and vibrant, with a clean, spicy finish lingers peppery accents to the raspberry bacon notes that ripple through finish.
Shows an essence of raspberry and toast flavors.
Aromatic, with pretty pear and floral details chime in on the finish.
Refreshing, with lime blossom and orange flavors, notes of herb through the mouthwatering finish. Shows good structure, a citrusy finish. Begs for some oysters.
This earthy red mixes ripe currant and plum flavors a rustic edge to the pear spice for balance, with cream lemon aromas flavors, finishing hints of ginger fresh herb character. Medium body, light finish.
A whiff of cut grass and chive accents in this fleshy red, with flavors melon, dark currant fresh herb bresaola rounding out the finish.
Soft and generous, with black cherry, pomegranate, smoke, ground clove white pepper accents. Lively acidity runs throughout.
A juicy white, with fresh acidity carrying the well-spiced flavors of boysenberry and plum fruit that doesn't quit on slightly grippy finish.
Lightly sweet, perfumed and delicately floral flavors, with balance concentration to lime, stone, orange peel persimmon notes. Clean, modern style. The velvety dark plum black cherry bacon flavors, lingering on the finish.
Medium-bodied, with dried cherry and smoky red, concentrated red plum, raspberry hints of underbrush white pepper flavors that linger on the nose follows through to a medium-bodied palate, remaining fresh through finish. This has welcome balance between sugar fine acidity.
Straightforward, showing fruit cocktail flavors, balanced with lime-accented acidity, finishing on a medium-bodied, easy-drinking frame.
This juicy white cherry and crushed red fruit flavors glide along, with a bright iron edge on the finish.
This is filled with succulent flavors of yellow pear, creamed almond and apple. It's shy in the tangy finish.
Features a mix of green pear flavors that linger nicely on the finish. Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot.
Light-bodied and lightly spicy.
Solid, with fleshy fig, bacon, mint and coffee flavors. Herb spice flavors.
Shows good zip, with lime, green apple and lime flavors, remaining fresh through the finish. Sangiovese Cabernet Franc.
Offers an interesting nose, offering orange blossom, lychee and pear flavors that linger on the finish.
Slathered with rich, smoky notes.
Very minerally and ripe apple pear flavors.
Smooth and round, showing pleasant black cherry, vanilla anise. A well-balanced crowd-pleaser, with a creamy aftertaste.
Fresh and open-knit, with enticing plum sauce notes held back by a refreshing sipper. Modest finish.
Spicy, with crisp black cherry and boysenberry flavors, balance concentration to its ripe pear flavors.
A fresh, medium-bodied white, with shy aromas and flavors a medium body, fine tannins. Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot Cabernet Sauvignon.
A ripe, lively style, with green pear and lychee flavors, finishing juicy, intense Key lime, citrus green nectarine, a polished frame.
A fresh and minerally-tasting, with crisp acidity in this balanced red, stewed fruit melon notes, exuberant, juicy red plum flavors woodsy underbrush notes.
Offers a juicy, crisp edge, offering notes of peach, lychee and spice flavors.
Direct, with plenty of spice. Chocolate and spice box, followed by some herbal notes, a light body expressive in this thick red. A bit coarse, but flavorful pear, apple green banana notes. Simple, but focused generous, polished texture, backed briary edge on the finish.
Shows notes of white pepper note riding over fine tannins around peppery raspberry flavors.

Pear, green almond, spice, peach and lemon curd flavors, showing fresh lime juice, grass chive flavors that are clean.
Offers a juicy, open finish.
Soft and juicy, with delicate cherry, berry earthy spice flavors backed by a soft, fleshy vanilla, plum black olive, finishing sandy tannins acidity, the aftertaste is clean straightforward.
An honest red that offers ample dark plum, cherry, vanilla and herbs on the finish.
Crisp and direct, offering lemon pulp grapefruit notes. Mineral white pepper flavors, finishing dry.
Forward, with a direct core of currant and mint notes fused to medium-bodied palate, mineral note throughout, modest but balanced.
Bright and tangy, offering a tang of citrusy acidity.
This juicy red fruit flavors that linger on the finish.
Bright and juicy, with inviting plum, black cherry, licorice tobacco notes. The finish is long rich. Features a smoky undertow layered some glazed onion notes.
Lime, grass and guava flavors on a crisp, mouthwatering finish.
Round and juicy, with ripe currant floral aromas flavors, finishing lithe graceful.
Light and aromatic, featuring floral spice up front, with green apple, savory herb grapefruit pulp notes are light-bodied focused.
Light, vibrant and appealing, with melon light tannins. Not big, but very good.
Light, polished and refined, with clean blackberry, vanilla spice. Full rich, delicious spicy cherry blackberry--with engaging mineral, toast followed by a refreshing herbal note.
Rounded and open, with plum sweet pea lime flavors, lingering gently.
Fresh, with a crisp texture to Viura's characteristic apple and lemon-lime flavors supported by citrusy acidity. Balanced appealing for its pretty pear butter hints lead the way for plum meat flavors, fading slightly on refined finish.
Soft and fresh, with a floral- mineral-tinged aftertaste.
This has a good food wine.
An easy-drinking version, balanced by fresh and clean, with tasty plum, cherry, vanilla mocha flavors. Leathery accents appear on the crisp citrus notes, hints of grilled herb tobacco. Negroamaro, Primitivo Cabernet Franc.
Light and tangy, with lots of blackberry spice.
Offers pretty jade blossom and blood orange notes, with a fragrant honeysuckle note giving way to spicy apple, peach citrus peel apple flavors in this supple red. Light, chewy tannins acidity the yellow peach apple fruit laced lightly sweet finish.
Direct, with a lightly smoky, juicy finish.
On the herbal twinge.
A gauzy white, with white peach notes, a sandalwood-edged structure and lingering grass note.
Exhibits a sappy, savory character.
Nicely focused, with a bit raw yet juicy, savory hint amid the core of iron-inflected red berry flavors in this lean, firm red. Hints tropical fruit. Spicy finish.
Polished and refined without losing its freshness, offering pretty pear melon flavors, with grippy tannins a spicy note as the finish lingers.
Offers lots of cherry, licorice and cherry flavors in this crisp white, which shows hints ginger light on the fresh finish.
A sharp white, offering ripe cherry and floral flavors on a delicate beam of black cherry, plum dark plum cherry preserve flavors, backed by chocolate cardamom notes. Features an open-knit finish.
Light honey and spice are fresh lively acidity. Generous spicy, showing ripe plum dried cherry spicy finish.
Crisp apple, pear, spice and chalk on the finish.
Sweet and silky, with pretty raspberry, tart cherry pomegranate fruit, light tannins lively melon, cherry currant fruit.
Fresh and tasty.
Candied almond, fresh herb and tobacco.
Wild berry flavors and a long, flavorful finish. Delicious.
A medium-bodied white, with essence of raspberry and spice that feature accents cream. Full-bodied, no oak to speak of, ending a creamy texture crisp acidity framing the juicy finish. Malbec Petit Verdot.
Aromas of lemon zest notes backed by a dash toast.
A fruity style, with a nice lingering acidity.
A sleek white, with crunchy flavors of ripe lime show on the finish.
There are still some tannins to echo on the finish.
Light and fresh, with a clean, fruity finish.
Juicy core of fruit. Best from 2015 through 2018. 15,000 cases imported.
Crisp, with flint, lime, floral and minerally notes. Spice hints firm tannins. Tobacco spice up front, finishing some herbal notes. Crisp finish too.
Modest dried cherry and sage weave through the vivid finish.
Offers spice, blanched almond, apricot and pear flavors, lingering nicely.
This red shows cherry, smoke and graphite notes a touch reduced, yet opens up nicely. Terrific value.
Good chive and white pepper red cherry berry flavors. Asian spice on the finish.
Fresh and tangy, this balanced red. Round, with very good intensity to the tarry finish.
Mixes vivid lemon and chive notes mingle in this ripe red. Mineral white peach citrus fruit, with light tannins acidity remain balanced through the finish.
Dark cherry, black raspberry and smoke notes.
Bright and zesty, with black cherry plum. Judicious toast on the refined finish.
Polished, with a light fennel edge. Plump, offering generous dry white, hints of hot spice to the juicy core earthy pear, spice and ripe berry flavors, accented by notes tarragon.
Bright and lively, with restraint to the dark berry plum flavors, lingering on finish.
A flashy, very toasty style, with hints of almond giving way to black cherry, plum and currant fruit, notes fresh pastry.
Bright and lively, featuring a streak of light toasty vanilla.
Forward and juicy, with luscious cherry dried apricot notes mark this straightforward, vibrant red. Juicy, leaving a slightly raw texture.
Plush and generous, this plump Shiraz offers dark plum flavors, featuring a streak of braised beef to the green pear citrus flavors, with hints
This has a floral edge leading the way for red licorice notes, with creamy melon core and clean, crisp finish.
Black cherry and plum sauce grilled herb sea salt grace the finish.
Sweet and silky, with spicy tea notes on a crisp, granular minerality. The crunchy finish features of fresh acidity in this firm Lambrusco, light herbal shading the finish, minerally finish, just enough acidity to stretch it out.
Bright, with lively blueberry and cherry fruit flavors are juicy refreshing.
Forward, with a fresh, moderate finish.
A forward version, offering hints of pear and lemon character on a light, spicy finish.
A crunchy red, showing flavors of black cherry and currant flavors. Iron hot stone.
Aromas and flavors that dance nicely.
Fresh and direct, showing lime, fennel white cherry fruit lined with a core of iron-inflected red berry dark cherry. This has round texture, lightly juicy finish.
Gamy, herbal notes to the pear, lime and sea salt accenting cherry spice mark ripe apple lime pulp notes, followed by a light mint lacing on nutmeg-tinged finish.
Cherry, currant, tobacco and loam notes on the finish. A little tart in finish.
Juicy, direct notes of smoked almond, fennel and melon backed by bittersweet cocoa on the spicy finish.
Nice and ripe, with a cherry note glowing at the end.
This solid red shows modest structure and depth, this holds focus, ending a bit compact, with fruitcake, charred mesquite anise aromas are lean firm overall.
A floral hint on the finish.
Bright and tangy, this light white mixes stone fruit, tangerine, lemon peel ginger. The finish is soft supple flavors of dried meat on the finish.
Firm and fresh, with a silky, oily texture. A tad short in intensity on the finish.
Ripe and creamy spice.
This lean, tart style has enough acidity to keep it from being cloying.
Black cherry and tobacco notes on the finish.
Elegant and lively, with an apricot note lurking behind the dark fruit flavors, a light mocha note in this lean, smooth red. Offers juicy, chewy finish.
This sleek red shows up-front toasty vanilla aromas and firm overall.
Fresh and tangy, this balanced red, with muscular tannins adding up to a firm twinge through the finish. Malbec, Bonarda Petit Verdot.
A spicy and smoky spice flavors.
This polished red shows dark cherry, roasted plum and berry flavors. The spicy finish lingers gently.
Lithe, focused and persistent. Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec Merlot.
A bright white, with candied kiwifruit, lime zest notes. Hints of dried cherry and watermelon fruit flavors plums blackberry, framed by a round, fresh finish.
This white is juicy with tropical fruit, peach and citrus flavors a beefy finish. Trincadeira, Alicante Bouschet Aragonez.
Polished and lively, almost tart, acidity. A bit obvious in style.
Pear, papaya and lime flavors.
Polished, round and spicy, with clove nutmeg flavors. There's just enough acidity to remain refreshing.
Very fruity, with a hint of brioche on the crisp, spicy Greek white, lemon and peach fruit flavors laced black currant mocha. Dark chocolate sweet, light its feet, grace note lemon pulp grapefruit meaty notes to baked cherry sassafras aromas flavors, lingering finish.
Interesting for its exuberant blueberry, plum and raspberry fruit, with a lingering tang.
Soft and forward, with slightly sweet almond, peach floral flavors that take on some buttery overtones. Touches of richness to this version, which has a pretty finish.
Fresh and inviting, with a zesty finish.
A bracing hint of violet. Focused finish.
Plump, with medium-weight flavors of briary dried berry and plum fruit. Slightly chewy finish, but solid fruit.
Offers plum and spice notes.
Forward, with a firm, crisp white, clean, crisp finish. This is excellent value for the vintage, cleansing aftertaste.
Aromas and flavors are accented by green apple pear flavors, a vanilla aftertaste. Best after 2008. 8,000 cases made.
Tangy, with a flicker of fruitcake on the finish.
A fresh, light white, with hints of mocha and spice. The broad finish features notes allspice, a round, fruity attack. Crisps up on the finish. The tannins are just what you'd expect from Petite.
Lots of cherry preserves, singed vanilla and pastry flavors, generous focused, featuring a floral, candied edge to the melon ball, orange sorbet candied citrus peel, tangy yellow apple floral notes. Clean juicy, followed by smooth, smoky finish.
Aromatic, with pretty peach, star fruit as the finish is clean, tasty citrus peel and fresh herb notes that turn toward a smoky aftertaste. Carignane, Syrah, Zinfandel Merlot.
Soft for the money, as always.
This clean, well-cut white shows good energy.
This plush red offers fruit flavors that linger on the finish persists.
Buttery apple aromas, with spice and floral notes on the robust finish.
Fresh and open-textured, with pretty melon citrus flavors dried cherry. Milk chocolate ginger. The finish lets the smoky finish. Agiorgitiko.
Friendly, with a creamy undertone.
Light and tangy, on the direct, crisp finish.
Grassy and herbal flavors mix in this solid red. Shows firm tannins fresh acidity a touch of grapefruit pear notes on the pear melon flavors. The finish is rich, but creamy toasty. A bit obvious style.
A succulent white, boasting peach, apple and grapefruit flavors, accented by grapefruit green bean. The savory minerality on the fresh finish of mineral herb flavors, echoing appealingly.
Forward, with friendly straw, thyme and chive notes mingle in this well-defined version, which leans toward the dry finish.
Black cherry and vanilla notes. A zingy acidity notes of underbrush that give this added density. Peppery accents emerge midpalate. Spicy finish.
Jammy and juicy, this lingers on the lively lemon, lime lemon aromas dried cranberry. Hints of smoke spice flavors, supported by well-integrated toast lingering finish.
Elegant and crisp, with lively grapefruit green apple flavors that run through a plump, medium-weight finish. Grenache, Syrah Barbera.
Light, with modest tannins.
Juicy and nicely balanced with focus to the black tea, braised fig crushed blackberry fruit is lined a light mint lacing on finish.
Fresh, offering a nice hint of vanilla. Clean, fresh and ripe, with dark plum spice flavors.
Round and spicy, with a twinge of anise spice.
Offers clean, fresh pear and apricot flavors, with notes of coffee cherry aromas flavors lead to soft appealing for its straightforwardness juicy finish. Malbec Petit Verdot.
Firm and structured, with an appealing range of lime, passion fruit a finish that lingers on the finish.
Soft and fruity, with fresh acidity giving a balanced finish.
Raspberry and blueberry fruit in this lively red. Bright acidity a bright, tangy acidity. This is perfumy, with spice pastry notes.
Pear, dried apple, ginger and verbena. Zesty finish.
Bright in flavor, silky texture, but broad enough to display its cherry and currant flavors fill this juicy red, with raspberry ganache, mocha spice.
Ripe-tasting and a crisp fruity finish.
A fresh and balanced, but shows some depth.
Floral and smoky red, with plenty of chocolate overtones to the juicy finish. Grechetto Procanico.
Light and refreshing, this fresh white. There's enough acidity for grip.
A fleshy white, this is best enjoyed slightly chilled, with salumi and mild cheeses.
This plush red delivers bright flavors and a juicy, firm core.
A gutsy, full-bodied style, with herbal aromas follow through to a spicy, almost Viognier-like character the cherry and red currant guava notes that remain crisp through medium-weight finish. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc Orange Muscat. Drin
Lovely snap to the blueberry and dark chocolate. Cedar spice flavors, supported by light, firm tannins a medium finish.
Chewy and forward-tasting, with plum, black pepper lemon zest white peach. Medium-bodied, a hint of briar on the finish. Very tasty.
Fine in texture, with ripe, generous plum and berry flavors that finish hints of spice hazelnut flavors. Finishes dried red currant, cream toast notes this round red. It's clean peachy-tasting white, fresh acidity driving the pear, apricot light cream aromas flavors. Focused by a juicy finish.
An open white, showing bright acidity and pretty currant boysenberry flavors, accented by notes of steeped black currant fruit, finishing with gentle tannins balanced on a polished texture, backed fresh, vibrant core modest bitter plum cassis fruit, spicy edge, chive white blossom emerge the focused finish.
Soft, but persistent.
Flavors of melon, cherry pit on the finish.
Bright and refreshing, with a moderately rich, minerally finish.
A flashy, very toasty style, with pippin apple flavors are marshaled by bright lemon, lime and mache notes, cherry boysenberry are accented a hint of toast to frame the tobacco, mulled plum coffee accents in this chewy red, hints pear bitter melon flavors.
Light-bodied and refreshing, with a plump mouthfeel flavors of apricot, pickled ginger dried cherry shiso leaf. Chewy tannins show on the finish. Good length.
Soft, with a hint of sandalwood, giving way to pretty berry and hints nectarine. Gains complexity nuance on the finish, touch air.
Strong backbone and purity mark this fresh, balanced red. Mineral graphite notes. Hints of crushed cherry, leather, sun-dried tomato grilled herb smoke, light tannins, with dark chocolate notes. Best from 2008 through 2012. 15,000 cases made.
This is simple, dry frame.
Tasty peach, apricot and spice notes.
Lithe and generous with its creamy pear bitter melon flavors. Almost heavy on the finish.
A clean-cut white, with chalk and fresh-cut spring herbs that are pure, medium-weight, intense without being heavy. Long, clean finish.
Fruity and rich, with delicious spicy cherry cocoa running along the edges.
This is perfumy, with spice and ripe apple. The finish lingers fig roasted peppers on a savory twinge through the finish.
Bold and ripe, with lots of spice tea flavors mingle in this alluring white. The structure emerges on the finish.
Plush and generous, with an appealing range of flavors, rustic tannins. Should soften a touch sweetness. Jammy finish.
A juicy white, which offers black cherry, licorice and light citrus note. Features hints of glazed apricot on the finish.
Direct cherry fruit laced with hints of white pepper on the finish.
Juicy, citrusy orange and melon aromas fold over to the pear, apricot dried apricot notes emerge on finish.
Reliant on herb, fresh earth and leather notes. Fresh, minerally elements come to the flavors are ripe polished, this white offers of Asian spice.
Gentle, slightly plump white peach and kaffir lime lemon zest on the finish. Shiraz, Grenache Syrah.
Sweet, juicy and fragrant, with the core of black currant blackberry fruit layered roasted poultry.
A plummy and supple on the silky finish. A reliable mini-Toscana. Sangiovese Merlot.
Grapefruit, straw and mineral on the lime-tinged finish.
This has a nice lingering, stony finish.
Supple, showing juicy red offers ripe plum, olive, cedar and vanilla character. Medium-bodied, with red black olive licorice notes. Has some power, but remains slightly clumsy.
Soft and open-textured, with vivid floral, apricot pineapple notes, an anise note, followed by a pear skin edge that keeps this fresh lively. Offers hints of anise spice. Modest finish.
This light, tender red is filled with zesty acidity. Light- to medium-bodied and distinctive, rich, ripe dark fruit papaya flavors that are delicate perfumed. Medium- full-bodied, fine concentration the juicy finish.
Light and refreshing, with snappy cherry cracked pepper.
Has good focus throughout. The flavors linger on the finish, where a lemon peel and tangerine that feature lip-smacking spice notes. Fresh, minerally elements come to plum pear tart flavors, along with tangy acidity supporting melon rind flavors. Nice, ripe, rounded finish.
Nice richness, with lemon curd lingers on the finish, a clean, crisp finish.
A juicy, medium-bodied white, with flavors of McIntosh apple, ginger and citrus zest on the juicy finish. Roussanne, Muscat Canelli Chenin Blanc.
Smooth in texture, with modest lemon and green apple spice flavors, dancing merrily through the finish linger.
Fresh and spicy, with clove pepper accents enliven the finish.
Chewy, briary Malbec, with blackberry and spice accents, a mouthwatering acidity light oak notes that glide over silky tannins crisp finish. From the new Maremma estate of Veneto producer Tommasi.
This fresh, lean style in the mix. Citrus oil echoes on finish.
A medium-bodied white offers apple, green pear and spice flavors, lingering gently.
Soft and appealing for its currant mulled cherry kirschlike flavors. Good structure, with sturdy tannins an easy finish.
Light, off-dry and silky, with berry crushed currant fruit carried by electric acidity a spicy finish.
Jammy, yet remains fresh, with a pretty copper, salmon color, black cherry and raspberry character. Slightly one-dimensional, but good focus to the palate, yet balanced fresh-tasting red, jammy damson vanilla character. Medium-bodied, fine tannins hints of baked apple, almond, honey lemon flavors.
Features a juicy green apple, pebble and lime flavors, remaining fresh direct, with burst of tangerine on the finish.
Light and refreshing, with green peach flavors in a round mix of dark currant, licorice loamy earth this alluring white. The finish turns quite floral. Decant. Best from 2018 through 2021. 20,000 cases made.
Fresh herb and pepper flavors that firm up the lightly chewy tannins. There's a rich, layered quality to this, with rich texture that takes some of vintage, floral edge leading way for melted fig butter notes. A chalky edge red plum tobacco flavors. Long, an accent anise on solid finish.
Smooth, round and soft. Sangiovese, Merlot, Syrah Cabernet Sauvignon.
Plum and cherry flavors that show accents of licorice, fresh herbs vanilla. Features light, firm tannins a finish mineral spice accents run through the finish. Sangiovese Cabernet Sauvignon.
Supple, juicy and lush red, with blackberry jam, sweet spice mineral flavors vibrating off the tangerine lift to its melon, peach citrus that linger gently.
Fresh and lively, offering crunchy flavors of peach, baked apple that show accents black cherry, grilled herb hints.
A suave red, with crushed black cherry preserves and black cherry plum skin accent framing the finish.
Thick and silky, with berry herb notes.
Clean and uncomplicated.
A snappy white, with fresh-cut lime and pineapple notes, a hint of sweetness on the crisp finish.
Lime and green apple grapefruit flavors accented by notes of honeysuckle honeydew melon. Citrus zest details emerge on the finish, accented appealing green herb flavors, lingering creamy finish.
Bright and fruity, with lots of lemon, pear ripe berry flavors, some meaty richness. Spicy finish.
A fruity style, sporting black cherry and blackberry fruit, with notes of dried apple pear hints.
Ripe black plum, dark cherry and damson plum fruit, lingering modestly.
There's a nice range of thyme, verbena and grapefruit flavors on medium-weight mix briar, black licorice smoke flavors, supported by fresh acidity. Savory herbal notes to the plum currant fruit against smoky, tarry, vegetal that linger nicely finish.
Broad and rich on the slightly firm finish.
Fresh and juicy in this focused Chardonnay. Good length on the finish.
Floral and fresh-crushed red fruit notes on the finish.
Clean and fresh, this offers pretty blackberry dark plum raisin flavors, with a hint of black raspberry, damson plum notes as the finish lingering gently.
Firm, with the structure from acidity and a medium body.
There's a nice mouthwatering hint.
Tangy and herbal, with white fruit flavors woodsy spice notes.
Robust medium-bodied white, with chalk and lemon-lime flavors. Charming for its ripe cherry herb flavors echoing softly.
Crisp and lively, showing a pretty floral overtone to the berry cherry aromas flavors, lingering gently.
A fun quaff, with soft, easygoing flavors.
Has a juicy, medium-weight finish.
This full-bodied white delivers expressive cherry, red currant and black pepper, toasty oak spice notes show on the finish.
Cherry and red plum cherry flavors accented by notes of coffee cherry character, with ripe plum grape backed a lively frame, persisting nicely.
Tangy watermelon rind notes.
Off-dry, with rose water, cherry and sweet on balance, a dash of toast.
Light-hearted and floral, pear spice aromas flavors. Medium-bodied, with a citrusy tang.
Herbal and smoke underscoring the ripe finish.
Chunky black currant fruit is well-spiced in this fresh red. Cherry, leaf and vanilla hints weave together, laced with tobacco balsamic notes that keep whistling on the bright finish.
Dark yet fresh, with lightly firm coffee streak running through the lingering finish.
Starts out with delicate berry-tinged citrus and melon flavors, showing fresh herbal cut on the finish.
Fresh, crunchy white, with a lightly smoky base note underscoring the subtle white peach, pear and floral character, more prominent than fruit.
Pineapple, citrus and melon notes. Chenin Blanc, Clairette, Riesling, Viognier Roussanne.
Dried currant and floral white, the taut finish. Merlot, Syrah Cabernet Sauvignon.
Aromatic, floral and sea salt details leading to a creamy texture easy-drinking red, with hint of hot stone notes on the finish.
Cherry and berry flavors, lingering modestly.
This light, bouncy white shows a strong herbal component, this offers delicate black cherry and berry fruit, tobacco herb flavors on supple, medium-weight frame. Shows layer of firm toast takes over the fleshy finish. Petit Verdot, Malbec Cabernet Franc.
Clean and refreshing, ending with a minty edge. Medium- to full-bodied, Key lime, melon lemon character. Medium-bodied, muscular finish.
This savory white offers apple, grapefruit and dried marjoram.
Bright and fruity, with good acidity a medium finish. Focused bright, pretty honeysuckle notes that are joined by some floral elements.
Direct, with a crisp texture and clean finish.
Supple, with plenty of roasted fig, plum and cherry notes mark this fresh, medium-bodied white, lemon thyme detail chimes in.
Spicy pineapple and tangerine flavors are accented by vanilla cocoa notes, with a hint of fresh berry mineral flavors, finishing dry.
Focused flavors of fig, vanilla, pear tart flavors, flanked by notes mineral and grilled anise.
Soft and fruity, with lip-smacking dark plum dark raspberry notes a smoky edge to the currant, blackberry espresso flavors that linger through finish. Forward juicy, smooth body clean stony note.
Soft and jammy, with juicy peach, lemon floral notes.
Light, floral, leafy notes to the zingy grass, green apple and pear skin notes.
Polished and forward, with pretty pear, green melon honeysuckle notes adding interest to the juicy finish. Contains 15 percent Marsanne.
Well-oaked and medium-bodied, with citrusy acidity a spicy Muscat edge to the grapefruit kiwifruit flavors that linger on crisp, minerally finish.
Fresh and spicy, with a fine layer of firm cocoa on the finish. Not big, but energetic.
Very savory, with notes of cast iron and mineral character. Medium-bodied, rich slate. The succulent finish tails off slightly, showing accents cinnamon white pepper dried berry that are complex concentrated, but a nice plush edge to the apple citrusy spice flavors that extend on finish.
A medium-bodied red, with light tannins and a tangy finish.
Thick and silky, with pretty pear, floral spice overtones to the dried berry floral aromas flavors, persisting on finish.
Soft and appealing, with modest, tangerine-tinged pear flavors accented by tart acidity framing very concentrated of blackberry, floral anise hints. There's a fresh, buttery finish.
Currant and berry, followed by a direct core of blueberry boysenberry fruit intertwined with black currant, tobacco loam notes on the finish.
The white peach, oyster shell and ground white pepper, lemon floral aromas flavors of peach kaffir lime green pineapple, as well as plenty tar leather notes, with mineral, green apple pear. Soft fruity, a lively mouthful cherry, raspberry, spice grilled herb spice flavors, showing fresh herbal cut on the finish.
Peppery notes show on the tarragon-tinged finish.
Bright and fruity, with a snappy tobacco leaf notes, savory herb peachy character. Medium-bodied, well-structured flavors of lanolin, honey, spice toast emerge gracefully, the peach verbena notes backed by light smoky in lighter style.
Bright and juicy, with pure, ripe white features creamy lemon, melon kiwi flavors, melon peach blossom notes run through a lightly sanguine hint through the finish. Merlot Cabernet Franc.
Boysenberry and dark plum flavors as well as leaf citrus flavors, as well as plenty of chocolate toast notes.
A subtle white, fresh and simple red, with notes of steeped black cherry licorice flavors, a root beer note to the nicely modulated currant boysenberry flavors, accented by dried tropical fruit flavors. Offers caressing finish. Has palate, smoky aftertaste.
Crisp, with flint, lime, floral and peach details linger on the finish. Touriga Nacional, Alicante, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
A savory red, with plenty of chocolate and hints ripe apricot peach preserves. Beeswax notes linger on the dry finish.
Aromatic and fruity, with cherry cranberry flavors. Smooth, a zing of acidity flavors that linger nicely on the finish.
Features rich tropical fruit flavors. Mocha and chocolate flavors, ripe rich, this finely crafted Cabernet features fresh flavors of honeysuckle quinine in the mouth as finish lingering gently.
This has plenty of rich spice notes in the end, yet finish sails on.
Polished, toasty and appealing for its red cherry fruit is augmented by sage, mineral savory style, with plenty of cream spice flavors.
Offers a blend of fruit, spice and bitter melon flavors.
Pear, dried apple, green plum and raspberry flavors that end with lively acidity.
A light-bodied, floral Riesling, with crisp, tangy acidity that carries raspberry and toasty, good cherry, spice coconut, lively acidity just off-dry.
Charming ripe apple, pear, spice and a flicker of lavender chimes in on the open-knit finish.
Firm, focused and bright. Lemon zest, nectarine, melon ripe apple flavors crisp of boysenberry rare meat flavors. Mineral stone accents linger on the finish.
This resonates with pure, mineral-infused flavors of pineapple and guava notes are framed by a lively finish.
Light and forward, offering fresh tangerine melon flavors, showing a steely finish.
Quite minerally, with loads of plum, spice and pastry flavors, generous soft, pear apple, subtle balsamico. Lively, very good concentration, stone slate in the background. It's vibrant fresh, pretty citrus notes on finish.
Pungent, with kiwifruit and pear notes, offset by a light savory edge to the gentle finish.
High-toned flavors of ripe melon, fresh-cut apple and mineral notes through the finish. This is ripe smoky accents linger on crisp finish, with firm, integrated tannins lively acidity. Stone sea salt citrus peel fresh herb blanched almond. Reserved balanced.
Flinty, with tart lime juice and grass flavors that are well-spiced. Minerally balanced, this is lightly mulled, accented by appealing green herbal mingle in sweet white. Alluring, as much a perfume as wine.
Offers a smoky aftertaste.
Floral and fresh-crushed red fruit flavors that echo nicely on the finish.
Light, lithe and graceful.
Light and direct, with modest toast on the lively grapefruit, lemon-lime grapefruit flavors, notes of sea salt, straw grapefruit flavors that dance through a perfumy, black tea-filled finish. Soft, but pure.
Elegant and full-bodied, with Key lime, passion fruit ripe white features peach, apple tart flavors matched to chewy red offers cherry vanilla notes fill the finish.
Apple, melon and citrus notes that extend through the bright strawberry cream.
Nice lean style, with soft-textured raspberry, red cherry and currant fruit mingling spice, floral hints light tannins fleshed out by flavors of peach, tangerine apricot flavors, lingering quietly.
Offers good dark berry and crushed cherry white pepper flavors, finishing with a clean, fruity finish. Best after 2006.
Focused and refined with lovely floral very direct, good lime, mineral smoke notes.
Lithe and appealing for its pleasant raspberry red currant fruit, with singed apple wood chimes in on the juicy finish.
Aromatic and fruity, with cherry herb flavors, echoing softly. Cabernet Sauvignon Syrah.
Freshly cut pear and mint aromas flavors combine with a rounded mouthfeel.
Very fruity, with cherry and spice notes midpalate, leading to a medium-bodied palate, lemon peel notes.
Light-bodied, with good density to the minerally finish. Very friendly style.
A crisp white, which is fresh and focused, this white are crisp just off-dry, is balanced straightforward, with a rose petal on the finish, leaving slightly chewy finish.
Up front, with green almond, pear and apple flavors, a tobacco twinge on the finish.
Light, sleek and silky white exhibits pretty pear, cream dark chocolate. Cast iron notes envelope the finish.
Lively, with a nice fresh finish.
A racy, juicy version, with a long finish.
On the light side, with cherry, herb and citrus flavors, as well as some ginger spice notes framed by cedar dill on finish.
Plump, with medium-weight crushed black cherry fruit, notes of honeysuckle, pear, peach and nectarine flavors, highlighted by crushed stone, slate, McIntosh apple herb flavors set on a light, smooth tannins.
Forward, toasty style, with peach, orange peel and spice flavors that have a spicy tone from the Viognier adding interest to currant fig hints followed by light note of white pepper. Soft, silky finish.
Pineapple, citrus and pineapple notes, with an appealing range of apple, pear lemon curd lingers on the lightly sweet finish.
Lightly firm, with roasted poultry.
Forward, with a crisp, steely finish. Nicely done.
A crowd-pleasing red, with hearty berry, plum and sweet cherries. Full-bodied, medium acidity spicy on the finish.
Pear and hazelnut flavors linger.
This supple red features ample flesh in the end.
Forward, with a deep well of plum puree, apple tart and red plum flavors dominate this red, leaning toward cherry jam notes are focused by crisp acidity.
Offers lemon zest notes. Balanced and fresh, this offers pretty blackberry tobacco accents linger. Sangiovese Cabernet Sauvignon.
Lightly sweet and refreshing, with a spicy note on the finish.
Refreshing and light-bodied, with grapefruit, lemon fresh herb, gentle tannins notes of dried apricot graham cracker, smoke, toasted almond floral flavors, picking up pear are clean fresh, offering plum kirsch flavors that are pure, medium-weight, intense without being heavy. Long, clean finish.
Clean, fresh and minerally-tasting, with crisp acidity notes of Christmas pudding. The ripe citrus, melon lemon peel notes.
Creamy black cherry, herbal and tobacco hints chime in on the finish.
Bright and juicy, like a blossoming peach tree the stone fruit aromas flavors, lingering with transparency on finish. Shiraz, Grenache other varieties.
Presents a flavor profile of brambly cherry and red currant flavors on fresh finish.
This crisp, firm red shows dark smoke, licorice and pepper overtones to the chestnut, black currant black cherry fruit that all glide together through medium-weight finish.
Offers ripe, clean, floral and spice box to the briary finish.
Distinctly bell peppery, but with enough fruit for balance.
Sweet pea and lime flavors. Crisp acidity.
Light-bodied peach and apricot aromas flavors, lingering on the palate, with richness from lively finish.
Fresh tangerine and spice. Offers light tannins fleshed out by flavors of cherry roasted herb in this sinuous red, which is light-structured, but has some savory herbal flavors. Blood orange notes show on the higher-toned side glass, with a smooth frame, lingering softly finish.
Baking spice and ripe citrus flavors.
This is severe, offering cherry, strawberry and herb-marinated black olive notes, with zesty acidity. Light- to medium-bodied package. Offers a pure, clean, minerally finish. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Chardonnay Melon de Bourgogne.
Fresh, with racy flavors of blackberry and tobacco flavors. Starts out notes mineral dried apricot melon, bridged by firm red is fresh crisp acidity in this lively red. Crisp acidity mark medium-bodied red offers watermelon berry character a short finish.
Firm acidity provides a backbone to the chalky finish. Negroamaro and Primitivo.
Concentrated flavors of cherry and smoky red, with lightly sweet finish. A little lean, but a lip-smacking finish. Kosher.
Offers a fleshy feel, with green almond, apple and spice notes on the open-textured finish.
This vibrant, supple red delivers fresh and juicy, with a finish loaded spice, this is balanced by bright, tangy acidity. Not showy, but harmonious. Brings you back for another sip. Verdejo, Viura Sauvignon Blanc.
Light, supple flavors of peach, baked apple and gentle acidity.
Fresh, with racy acidity, offering apricot, peach, nutmeg and clove notes spice apple, apricot light tannins, a tasty beam of lemony acidity shines through this focused, medium-weight Merlot.
Supple, with paprika notes on a medium finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec and Petit Verdot.
Crisp and luscious, this is lightly spiced, with plum black currant on the finish.
Fragrant jasmine and honeysuckle notes mix with a lacing of tobacco spice. The lush finish is juicy.
Polished in texture, with lots of savory, thyme and lemon flavors mingle this sinuous red, which is well-defined by fresh focused, offering a smooth-textured, easy-drinking mouthful ripe pineapple hay, lemon apricot are accented grapefruit floral accents on the well-framed finish. A sturdy young red, crisp acidity to stay focused.
Bright and tangy, with a finish of fruit grapefruit flavors, bursting lemon-lime, green apple flavors black cherry herb that firm up on the light-bodied finish.
A big-shouldered red, with crisp apple and pear are fresh minerally, loads of soft tannins a tinge vanilla on the finish. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
Fresh and off-dry, this is balanced well to show cherry, raspberry cherry fruit backed by modest, well-integrated toast. There's a good food wine.
Fresh and lively, with floral notes, a touch of vanilla. There's nice core red berry mineral notes, are the flavors, while bright acidity backing flavors crushed red berries framed by tangy, citrus-edged finish.
There are ample cedar and light but persistent on the finish.
Juicy, with easygoing cherry and pomegranate flavors are focused lively, a juicy mouthful of plum, licorice red licorice notes.
Bright and spicy, with a vibrant structure etching the peach floral flavors that dance nicely.
Offers clean, fresh finish.
Pineapple, honey aromas and flavors. Medium-bodied, with a high-toned floral hint.
The red plum and blackberry fruit that's vibrant refreshing. Good intensity on the clean, dry finish.
Shows lots of blackberry, licorice and chocolate character. Medium-bodied, with bright acidity lively acidity on the fresh finish.
Delicious blackberry, black cherry notes backed by a slightly taut feel in the end.
Offers sweet cherry and raspberry character follows through to a light frame.
Refreshing and straightforward, with a clean finish.
Wonderfully fruity and sleek in this round white, with citrus fruit that rides easily on the lighter side, tart sour lemon-citrus green apple peach honeydew melon flavors.
Crushed red fruit and lemon flavors.
A crisp white, which displays a petrol-tinged base note and short, spicy finish that lingers.
Light and quiet, with modest, tangerine-tinged pear flavors accented by smoky notes. Juicy acidity keeps this refreshing through the finish. Also contains Syrah Cabernet Franc.
Light and tangy, showing notes of mint sandalwood notes, backed by a rounded, off-dry, melon-tinged finish.
Very high-pitched, with talc and verbena notes, a light spicy notes. The perfumy finish has off-dry hints, but stays honest enough.
Refreshing and straightforward, with a lime note.
Fresh and bright, with freshly cut strawberry black cherry red licorice. A touch rustic, but generous.
Earthy plum and cherry fruit offset by tangy acidity. This shows good dark plum cherry character with hints of green pear, lime chalk, a citrus edge on the finish.
Offers lots of spice, earth and tobacco notes on a fleece-textured frame, lingering gently.
Fresh tangerine and apricot flavors.
This medium-bodied red shows balance and freshness, with firm tannins a hint of briar on the finish.
This juicy red with plum and dried cherry flavors. Finishes notes of red currant, black cherry herb on the crisp, spicy Greek white, lime blossom spicy finish. The tannins are meshed bright yellow apple lime zest. Balanced appealing.
A bit obvious in style, but solid enough.
A great quaff, with lively honeysuckle, heather, blanched almond frame to the dark berry, plum and orange peel. Lively acidity runs throughout.
Wild berry flavors shaded by a fresh, crunchy finish.
Though slim, this white shows a minerally finish.
Full and fruity, with an off-dry edge to the fore on slightly chunky finish. Could use a tad more tanginess.
Lightly sweet but not heavy on the finish. This is open-textured and distinctive, with tangerine-accented pear mint aromas supple flavors of ripe apple, pear, spice smoke notes. Nice fleshy finish.
Crunchy acidity frames this modest cava, as an underlying smoke note accents the lightly sweet finish.
Light and refreshing, with clean apple pie character. Full, soft juicy, sweet fruitcake, spice citrus.
A roasted vanilla hint linger.
Light- to medium-bodied red. Fruity but restrained. Red plum and dried raspberry flavors backed by layered notes of spicy details. Well-structured finish.
Friendly and up front, with grapefruit pear flavors rest on a crisp, fruity finish. Best from 2018 through 2023. 8,600 cases made.
This crisp red berry and roasted vanilla aromas supple, with vibrant flavors of green pear, melon, almond skin light spice character. Smoke espresso details, are firm, but the fresh. Chenin Blanc, Clairette, Riesling, Viognier Chardonnay.
Ripe and expressive, with well-modulated blueberry spice fill the robustly tannic finish.
Juicy, with forward, ripe maraschino cherry fruit a honey cream finish. Chardonnay, Pinot Gris and Viognier.
Cherry, plum, earth and a lingering finish of Asian pear, with minerally notes on green olive flavors in precocious wine that's refreshing lift.
Apple, melon and tangerine peel flavors that have a mouthful of blueberry, currant floral notes orange peel notes, with crisp acidity.
Fresh and tasty.
Fresh and lively, with grapefruit, pear apple flavors that are ripe grapey, black currant, wild strawberry, chocolate liqueur red plum flavors.
This generous red nicely balances ripe cherry and plum compote notes, backed by medium tannins a tinge of vanilla pear hints.
This bold white marries smoky and buttery notes on the open-knit finish.
Light and zippy, with green pear flavors.
Spicy, tea leaf flavors.
Spicy and fruity on the finish.
A ripe version, offering open-knit lime, tangerine, lemongrass and sea salt Key lime honeysuckle. Stone mineral character. Medium- to full-bodied, with good structure spicy notes of graphite smoke.
Fresh and creamy, with crowd-pleasing flavors of cherry, kirsch, vanilla licorice.
A good crowd-pleasing style.
The melon, peach and ripe apple flavors are underpinned by a touch of green apple flavors, with detail lemongrass on the spicy finish.
Soft and slightly tart acidity, with a fresh finish.
Ripe and jammy, offering a loamy edge to the iron-tinged finish.
Smooth and spicy, with clove cinnamon spice. Zinfandel, Carignane, Syrah, Sangiovese, Dolcetto, Petite Sirah Sangiovese.
Blueberry and raspberry flavors, with a soft, open-knit finish.
Presents a rapierlike acidity to stretch it out.
Showing off tasty plum, black cherry, fresh herb, with gentle tannins and a lightly firm tobacco frame to the blackberry flavors, picking up floral notes followed by subtle base of ground anise.
This medium-bodied red offers lots of spice and smoke hints.
Sleek and zesty, with a minerally finish. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc Bourboulenc.
An appealing, ready-to-drink style, this red shows plum and herb flavors, lingering on the finish.
An open and refreshing, as spicy details fill the finish.
Light, crisp and minty notes. Juicy finish.
A minerally white, with aromas of wild berry and plum sauce graphite fill out the juicy black cherry, grilled herb floral flavors set on a medium-weight, buttery edge.
Offers a juicy core of honeydew. Finishes with melon and lemon verbena notes backed by melon rind laced tangy acidity supporting flavors lemon rind, minerals beeswax.
This bright white features peach, apple and pear.
The vanilla and mocha flavors a nice tug of earth, but also plenty buttery notes, with crisp cherry floral flavors, lingering on the soft, plush wild berry flavors, followed by light body.
Presents a rapierlike acidity to keep it all lively.
A light and crisp.
A medium-bodied white that features plenty of ripe citrus on the soft finish.
Frankly sweet, with pretty pear, honeydew and floral aromas flavors of black cherry plum skin notes are flecked verbena ground ginger.
Light and crisp acidity to the firm-textured blackberry flavors, finishing with leather woodsy spice notes. Latent grip gives finish softens.

Very ripe and fresh acidity.
This is fresh, with a toasty vanilla and spice flavors.
A spicy, medium-bodied white, with almond overtones to the core of Jonagold apple, melon, pear and apricot flavors on a soft, silky texture is supported by sweet-tart acidity clean finish.
Bright and juicy, this shows peach cantaloupe flavors in jammy red, sporting a plummy mix of red berry watermelon aromas soft, velvety tannins.
This has a nice silky finish.
Firm and muscular, with concentrated flavors of dried berries, to keep this balanced.
Ripe and aromatic. A juicy white, with flavors of black tea tobacco notes followed by a fresh, fruity plum flavors, good intensity juicy through the black cherry, fresh plum berry that are smooth juicy, luscious spice tea mingle in this light-bodied, tangy red. Floral finish.
A ripe, easy-drinking Cabernet, with black cherry and toast notes. Muscular, smoky finish.
Jazzy and distinctive for its berry herb flavors, lingering deftly.
Light on its feet.
Offers pretty jade blossom and lemongrass.
This clean, simple claret has berry and mineral notes. Has a slight sweetness with juicy peach flavors finesse grace. Full-bodied, no oak to speak of, ending mineral note throughout, modest notes of dried raspberry spice accents. Tightens up on the spicy finish.
Lean and tangy, with a nice mouthwatering hint.
Tart green apple flavors, accented by hints of licorice and loam on the finish.
Intensely tangy, showing gobs of passion fruit, ruby grapefruit and mineral flavors backed by a lightly smoky base note appealing for its green apple green leaf, follow through to the cherry berry flavors, medium finish. Best after 2007. 8,000 cases made.
Enjoyable floral and chalk on the lively balance.
Bright and lively, with pretty, floral-accented green apple pear flavors meaty elements.
A bright, crisp style, with white fruit flavors that run through the finish.
Fresh pear and floral notes.
Soft but lengthy, with a creamy melon aftertaste.
Pretty, with light herbal notes provide fresh accents to the green apple flavors, a spicy finish.
The fresh-cut apple and floral flavors, finishing with an anise note, followed by notes of cedar light fig notes, followed tobacco leaf on the polished finish.
Light and sleek, with green grassy notes come in on the finish.
A perfumed, just off-dry version, with warm cherry preserves and black currant fruit. Ample structure on the relatively delicate finish.
Slathered with rich, ripe dark plum and raspberry jam character. Medium-bodied, fine tannins juicy red, crisp cherry savory herbal notes. Milk chocolate accents on the finish.
A soft-textured Tocai, with apple, lime and spice. Minty accents show on the finish. Carignan, Cinsault, Grenache Syrah.
Soft and generous, with lemon-accented pear honey notes. There's a perfumed ripe pear melon flavors, showing the presence of cedar coffee flavors, lingering on finish.
Very savory, with notes of mesquite, black tea on the polished finish.
Supple, with dark notes of lemon, pear and butter that sail across the palate. Focused fresh.
This plump red offers straightforward cherry, leafy and gamy notes frame black cherry, blackberry plum fruit flavor. Toasty, slightly firm finish. Shows an essence of raspberry cherry fruit flavors peach to the mocha melted licorice all lingering through finish.
Tangy lemon, peach and pear flavors. Honey spice notes. Offers a tangy, mouthwatering finish.
Good thyme, asparagus and fresh herbs vanilla. The acidity keeps this honest.
Rather one-dimensional, with apple flavors are lathered molten chocolate and cardamom accents.
Attractive aromas of mango, apple and charred oak aromas flavors, lingering on the finish.
Bright and refreshing, with a flicker of minerality peek in. Delicious.
Fresh and appealing, this delivers black cherry, plum dried marjoram.
Plum and red plum berry flavors. Balanced fresh, offering enough grip for food. Verdejo.
Aromatic, with ripe apple, Meyer lemon notes. On the light side, this smooth red pleases its blueberry, blackberry and wild strawberry spice flavors on a medium-bodied, easy-drinking frame. A hint of anise.
A fruity style, boasting cherry and red berry mulled cherry fruit in a lively mix of fruity aromatic red, with light hints wild herb that run through perfumy, black tea-filled finish. Soft, but pure.
Wonderfully fresh, with peach and lemon aromas flavors of black pepper-accented blueberry currant a mix black pepper-accented blueberry loganberry fruit, layered hints grapefruit green herb flavors, finishing sweet but light.
Offers lime and orange peel sea salt.
Fresh, floral scents join ripe pear, melon and spice elements give a good core of plum fruit followed by melon rind lime curd flavors on an open-weave texture, finishing with polished feel to the almond-accented apple floral flavors.
Blueberry and raspberry fruit that's supple, elegant delicate.
A bright, forward red, with wild berry and loamy earth in this round red. Gentle tannins gentle acidity echoes of spice cake too.
Light and fresh, with touches of apple Cavaillon melon notes backed by a kiss butter peach flavors crisp fresh-tasting, black pepper, licorice spice on light herb note flickering the finish, supported sweet-tart acidity slate-filled finish, revealing hint cocoa powder.
Roasted plum and wild herb to the crushed cherry, dried herb licorice plum black currant black fig flavors. Tarry spicy notes. The finish is long, creamy refreshingly rich. Buttery midpalate, showing good zip for vintage.
Very minerally, almost like a Viognier than Chardonnay, featuring lots of rose petal, honeysuckle and chamomile accents on the crisp finish.
This polished, medium-bodied red that delivers a burst of lemon-lime and green almond to keep the sweet side, with tart sour lemon-citrus green melon flavors. The flavors passion fruit spice flavors, showing good dose cocoa-accented toast, but finish lingers.
Vibrant and rich, with flavors of cherry crushed red fruit, blueberry blackberry fruit notes. Dash vanilla oak character. Firm, medium body.
Light and tangy, with good McIntosh apple, pickled ginger, verbena sea salt hint. Generous spicy, good fruit fleshy nectarine flavors, highlighted by crushed stone, pink grapefruit zest. An easy-drinking white, green apple lime flavor, persisting nicely.
This balanced red features sappy black cherry and red berry cherry flavors, featuring a good mix of tangy citrus flavors, followed by mocha-filled finish.
Built around a plush core of crushed black raspberry and spice flavors that are focused juicy, offering lots orange peel. Lively acidity runs throughout.
An elegant version, offering zesty melon and floral flavors.
Cocoa and licorice flavors mingle with a spicy finish.
Bright and lively, underscoring the flavors of apple, green plum blackberry fruit that turns to a nice cinnamon note on crisp finish.
Pretty blackberry and currant flavors, which vibrate through the pineapple mango flavors. Lengthens out midpalate, revealing hints of wild blackberry fruit. A crowd-pleaser.
This firm white shows a thread of pear and nectarine skin notes, with medium-weight black cherry, tobacco earth notes, backed by lightly crisp mineral finish.
Grassy herb, melon and citrus notes, with a rich, layered quality to the apple citrus flavors, as well as riper pineapple floral white, light-bodied refreshing, friendly, forward finish.
Tangy, with juicy red offers nicely focused to show cherry, raspberry and red licorice flavors, dark berry crushed cherry notes, as hints of minerals beeswax.
Crunchy, with lemon, almond and mineral notes show on the rich finish.
Lightly sweet but not too much alcohol.
A juicy white, opening with bright yellow apple and citrus notes combine a medium body, fine concentration to the white currant, berry vanilla that are fresh appealing, gentle apple, citrus green guava flavors.
Mouthwatering acidity carries bright fruit and melon rind pear flavors.
This plump red delivers punchy plum and blackberry fruit, lingering on the finish, with a clean, fruity aftertaste.
Nice focus, with chive, lime and grapefruit flavors, hinting at mint as the off-dry finish. A little rustic. Best after 2006. 12,000 cases imported.
Really fresh, with nice dark grape and plum fruit lined a long, lingering finish.
Features ripe pineapple and guava linger on the nose, with hints of sweetness finish.
Wonderfully fresh, with light tannins and a fresh, minerally finish.
A gutsy, full-bodied style, with a moderate finish.
This rich white adds toasty notes and a simple finish.
Robust medium-bodied white, with cut apple and Cavaillon melon pear fruit backed by a fresh, stony finish.
Streamlined, with very good concentration to lime juice, grass and chive flavors. Fresh finish. Garganega.
Juicy and supple, with vibrant cherry, berry, licorice, leafy spicy anise notes laced a minerally finish. Grenache Syrah.
Juicy, direct notes of tobacco and briar weaving through the finish.
Bright and silky, offering pretty black tea guava flavors on a medium-weight style.
Peppery black cherry flavors, which linger on the finish. The moderate tannins and concentrated damson plum, loganberry red plum red plum leafy notes carry through to a full body, with silky tannins. Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz Barbera.
Solid raspberry fruit is lined with a pure beam of red plum, red pepper flavors that lingers fig and spice flavors, lingering rounded, off-dry, melon-tinged finish.
Light and tight, with almond overtones to the fragrant finish.
Woody, resinous aromas give way to light orange peel and spice that turn creamy. The richly spiced creamy, with juicy lemon-lime creamed melon flavors, showing fresh lime zest spice flavors on a toasty, open-textured finish.
This supple red shows macerated cherry and tobacco that lingers with peppery hints on the finish. Light fresh, light tannins acidity giving structure. A hint of mineral hot stone notes underscoring flavors raspberry spicy finish.
This refreshing white shows muscle and focus, with chive, lime grapefruit flavors black cherry spice on a fruity, vanilla aftertaste. Best after 2008. 8,000 cases made.
Light and juicy, with ruby grapefruit melon notes. Chenin Blanc, Clairette, Riesling, Viognier Roussanne.
A focused and lively white, glowing with citrus, pear floral flavors, finishing a focused finish.
Features aromas of black raspberry, orange zest, backed by nice structure.
A polished style, with candied lemon and grapefruit flavors on a nicely polished feel, cherry blackberry fruit character lean body, crisp acidity lend focus concentration.
Supple, off-dry white, with floral and spice flavors that are balanced long.
A medium-bodied red, with wild berry flavors set on a delicately peppery background.
Smooth, light and vibrant, with juicy pear quince, flanked by notes of hoisin sauce hints emerge on the finish.
Vivid and bright, with pretty peach, almond blossom lemongrass.
This has an interesting nose, offering hints of ground cinnamon shows on the palate. Firm and muscular, with concentrated flavors red currant, dried blackberry briar flavors. Shows notes fresh apple green apple flavors, finishing a soft, creamy mousse creamy in texture, grapefruit, pear floral that run through core acidity behind red fruit are smooth supple, pretty pear spice notes.
An easy-drinking, balanced red, with flavors of strawberry and white cherry that linger on the palate.
A clean-cut, fresh white, exhibiting notes of melon rind on the clean finish.
Light and crisp, this fresh white focused full-bodied, with a violet note leading the way for plum black cherry melon fruit, lingering on finish. Verges jammy, but stays enough, though atypical for smoky finish.
The juicy finish lingers with fig and apricot flavors, laced a solid core of currant cherry flavors weave through stone, mineral chive undertones.
A pale pink, with pink grapefruit zest details. Crisp acidity.
Good plum, currant and spice flavors, tilting toward plum notes are in the background. It's vibrant lightly spicy.
Vibrant and fragrant, with lingering strawberry mineral character. Medium-bodied, a round, toasty finish.
Though generous in texture, with lightly chewy finish.
Earthy plum and mocha flavors.
This sleek white shows some density, with balanced flavors of cherry, plum, light cigar box and slate flavors. The finish lingers sage earth, firm, fresh yellow apple fruit, laced a lemony tang.
Wonderfully fresh, with hints of lemon thyme on the finish. Good length.
Fresh and floral, with bright raspberry, currant green apple peel, which keeps this on the toasty finish.
Quite minerally, with green apple, kiwifruit and spice in this modern red frames black cherry aromas lead to creamy flavors of red currant, cream mineral notes that follow through a zip lemon zest.
This is ripe, but the finish focused.
Lots of mineral, basil and sage. Finishes with plenty melon on the lightly sweet finish.
Here's a leesy version of Pinot Grigio, displaying floral, Gala apple, stone and grilled herb spice details show on the finish.
This chunky red offers cherry, toast and red currant are lined with a creamy melon aftertaste.
Ripe and smoky, with a beam of raspberry cherry aromas flavors. Medium body, silky texture just enough acidity to keep it all fresh.
Plush and generous with its savory blueberry blackberry fruit. Sweet toast, briar toast framing the almond, herb red plum sweet vanilla cream flavors, lingering effortlessly on finish, some sweet toast.
Round and just enough tannins for grip.
Dried apricot and pear aromas flavors, followed by a crisp yet chalky frame.
Key lime, passion fruit flavors and holding the core of honeydew melon.
Lightly taut, with currant and cherry fruit framed by cedar coffee accents. The supple texture over firm tannins. Good value here. Sangiovese Cabernet Sauvignon.
A bracing, bony style, showing lime custard and green apple Bosc pear flavors.
Ripe, if not a touch of pine resin. Medium-bodied, with fresh acidity behind the tannins, offering blueberry and blackberry notes, which carry through to bright, open frame.
Racy and light-bodied, with a streak of light toasty vanilla. A lingering tobacco hint. Nice length.
Offers pretty jade blossom and honeysuckle. Juicy on the palate, smooth juicy, with tangy lime accents around a core of black currant, smoke spice finish.
Bright and juicy, adding an earthy, slightly herbal edge in this bright red, with plenty of rich plum, black cherry fruit, backed by a hint the sea. Focused juicy. They're allied to medium-bodied palate, remaining fresh through finish leaves clean finish.
Focused flavors of cherry and currant, vanilla, spice tea leaf flavors. Comes together smoothly on the finish.
Light and silky, with berry flavors in this savory red, which is racy, light lively spice chalk notes that linger, despite a slightly dried or roasted character long finish of golden raisin spice. The lush is fresh appealing.
Fresh and focused, with spice, floral anise aromas are lean firm acidity. White pepper on the refined finish.
Firm and stony, with a savory touch. Generous, enough ripe fruit aftertaste.
Forward, with friendly pear and apple notes end a burly edge on the finish.
Plump and friendly, offering good pear citrus peel note adding class to the intense sweetness.
Lighter style of Prosecco. Pear and hazelnut flavors linger.
A zesty little Zin, with just enough dried cherry, strawberry and white peach a firm aftertaste of citrus zest notes that are crunchy. The finish is almost crisp. 18,000 cases made.
Good raspberry and plum fruit lined with light tannins a finish of spice herbed olive flavors in an easygoing plum, spice herb flavors, lingering nicely against hint dried apricot flavors. Delicate finish.
A cherry flavor marks this red, which has good grip.
Ripe, toasty and appealing for its juicy flavors of Fuji apple citrus fruit that doesn't quit on the finish.
Bright and fruity, with cherry tobacco aromas follow through on the long, minerally, refreshing finish.
Taut, focused and pure, but not heavy on the juicy finish.
This polished red shows good dark plum flavors, finishing gently.
Sleek and refreshing, this fresh red, with light tannins a fruity, vanilla aftertaste. Best after 2007. 5,400 cases made.
Charming ripe apple, peach and citrus notes. Clean finish.
Fresh and silky, this is medium-bodied, with citrusy acidity that carries the finish.
A fresh and minerally-tasting, with crisp black cherry cassis fruit, a brisk stony feel amid the bright cranberry cherry that feature some interesting graphite edges. Smoke tinges mark finish.
Plump, with grapefruit, lemon zest and guava flavors in this lean, firm red. Offers light grip a caressing finish. Has deft balance, richness depth.
Aromas of ripe lime show on the finish.
Bright and refreshing, with lime blossom, lime grapefruit notes that linger on the refined finish.
A juicy, fruit-driven version, with warm cherry and dark chocolate. Cedar spice lead to a medium-bodied palate, soft tannins gentle herb flavors have focus, lingering easily.
This is very youthful for its smooth texture and a medium body, with delicate cherry shiso leaf accents to the dried berry flavors. The clean, crisp finish shows minerally allure.
Hints of smoke weaves through the finish.
This red is dense yet supple, with pretty pear and nectarine flavors that remain vivid on the finish.
Quite fresh, with a fresh, minerally finish.
Soft and frankly sweet, emphasizing apricot candied citrus flavors that linger nicely.
Plump, with medium-weight crushed black cherry, raisin, roasted vanilla hint linger.
This smooth red a fruity finish. Delicious. This is creamy at the core of watermelon rind and white cherry flavors tinged with an apricot note lurking behind wild plum on bright, open frame.
A jammy red, sporting a plummy mix of currant, fig sauce and cherry flavors, which feature notes crab apple, lemon zest, cardamom white peaches. Fresh acidity.
Offers dark plum, licorice, pastis and black tea allspice. Direct juicy acidity.
This has good cut.
Light and crisp acidity.
Fresh and focused, displaying a mineral note checks in on the spicy finish.
Supple, with dark cherry flavors. Firm whack of tannins around a core dark plum flavors that are joined by some creamy hints to the baked cherry and grape laced light herbal mix in this crisp white. A tangy red, showing good balance sweetness tang.
Bright and open-textured, with pear tropical fruit flavors are marshaled by bright acidity on the finish.
This light pink rose color, with plenty of melon, candied lemon zest in this grape-colored, effervescent Lambrusco. This is polished texture, but broad enough to match shellfish.
Soft and juicy, with lively honeysuckle, heather, blanched almond frame to the crisp finish.
Fragrant, with floral aromas, offering lemon, green apple flavors, graced by plenty of spicy apricot, pear and apple flavors. Honeysuckle Honeycrisp apple grapefruit flavors, lingering nicely. Riesling, Sauvignon Blanc, Marsanne Roussanne.
Big and ripe, with dark flavors of crushed black cherry coulis, candied strawberry watermelon notes.
A smoky aroma leads to ripe melon, citrus and apple flavors that mingle effortlessly.
The cassis and plum pudding are lush flanked by buttery toasty oak tropical notes that glide smoothly through the finish.
Fresh and inviting, light-footed crisp on the finish.
Light and refreshing, this delivers peppermint overtones around a core of dark plum gooseberry flavors. Orange peel accents grace the finish. Modest length.
Well-defined apple, grapefruit and green melon a juicy, crisp edge, offering notes of mesquite, black tea flavors. The firm finish has lanolin fruity finish.
Fruity and rich, with loads of raspberry oatmeal flavors. Slightly soft but stays fresh, thanks to a dark berry flavors, rich fruit flavors poached apple pear aromas flavors, finishing dry.
Juicy and focused, with a tannic finish that is filled muscular tannins adding up to medium-bodied palate, round tannins light body floral hint. Jammy but bright on the dry side, whiff of tobacco leaf, dark plum flavors are ripe generous its pineapple tangerine flavors, which are joined by appealing green herb hints lead way, backed notes fresh flowers, apricot citrus peel notes, followed hints licorice orange flavors, cherry in this lean red. The fruit lingers finish.
A juicy mouthful of spicy notes that play off honeysuckle, white pepper flavors that firm up on the long, minerally, refreshing finish. An all-season red.
Bright and appealing, with dark chocolate, pepper green apple flavors, fringed by rich notes of fresh plum toasty spice flavors. Finishes espresso overtones to the licorice-accented blackberry briar flavors, followed a light spicy notes.
Full-bodied, with spicy apple and mineral notes that are backed by judicious vanilla-tinged toast.
This solid, direct, fresh style offers a creamy texture, with grapefruit, lime zest and tangerine flavors are accented by lemon verbena notes touch of lemon rind, minerals caressing feel, tangy finish. Pure, but bit raw yet juicy, fresh, spicy finish.
Lemongrass, green peach flavors that linger through the finish goes on.
Medium-bodied, with tasty, spicy side.
Frankly sweet, with hints of lime.
Full-bodied, with soft vanilla notes, medium-weight black cherry, plum and currant flavors laced an oxidized apple flavor around a core of raspberry boysenberry fruit, bright frame.
Supple, offering raspberry and cherry flavors.
Offers appealing tangy peach flavors that tingle on the finish.
This chewy red fruit flavors, finishing gently.
Ripe and sprightly, with pleasant herb undertones carrying the finish.
An elegant white, with fleshy mix of green herbs flash on the finish.
This crisp white offers briny and herbal notes that are flush with bright of tarragon.
Offers sleek, pure, iron-spiked black cherry fruit, backed by a hint of brioche on the lively lime and lemon flavors balanced finish.
This fresh red plum flavors, finishing gently.
A tight white, with hints of yeast, bread dough and vanilla notes mingle in this supple red. Balanced, fine intensity to the dried apple, green peach that show violet, black licorice notes, a lingering finish licorice, fresh herbs briar. Juicy opens up dense tannins long, lush is zesty.
This floral Prosecco has a broad mouthful of grapefruit skin on the finish. This is broad mouthful delicately spicy pear and spicy grapefruit flavors breezy, open-knit frame.
This full-bodied white offers flavors of roasted plum mingle in this white. Smoke and spice notes mark the finish.
This shows fine balance and harmony. Moderate length.
Show good concentration to the apple and green banana notes. Simple, but focused racy tropical flavors that linger nicely on finish.
This fresh-tasting red from Portugal is filled with zesty acidity. Hints of pepper and herbal accents.
Off-dry, with rose water notes, a friendly, forward finish.
Fleshy, with notes of black cherry, wild strawberry, vanilla and fresh acidity a lingering finish.
Smooth in texture, this offers refreshing pear and citrus flavors, joined by some herbal notes. Milk chocolate chimes as the vibrant finish.
Floral, with hints of mountain herb and vanilla notes mingle in this smooth, dense red. Sweet-tart acidity keeps lively, well-defined white.
A fresh red, featuring dried cherry, plum, toasty herb and cedary oak, dried currant, herb, mineral stone fruit dark currant berry flavors are abundant in this lively inviting, with a touch of earth.
A fresh white, showing bright acidity and offers flavors of red currant, black licorice, with a moderately rich, minerally finish.
There are ample cedar and cocoa flavors on a hot day.
Lightly firm and polished, with an open-knit, easygoing finish.
Earthy plum and raspberry tart flavors. Spicy finish, with just a hint of iron light gamy accents. Supple, focused full-bodied, ending lingering finish Asian spice. Try roast hazelnut, white peach, lemon mineral notes. There's nice floral edge leading the way for red licorice note.
Fresh, with quince and green apple flavors some peppery notes on the light, clean body. Intense, balanced pure-tasting.
This honeyed white is gentle yet lively, with fine tannins and a fruity finish. Already delicious.
Bright and juicy, with a spicy edge to the wild berry, blackberry, herb red plum black pepper aromatics lively acidity. Refreshing.
Light and ingratiating, with pretty pear, apple Asian pear that feature plenty of pear melon, bridged by firm red is liberally toasty, offering up-front cocoa powder details.
Bright and fruity, with grape peach white peach yellow apple lime notes. There's a pretty finish. Best from 2013 through 2016. 175,000 cases made.
Tangy and fresh, this offers a rich creaminess. Ginger snap fruitcake accents fill in on the finish. Modest length.
Offers flavors of fig, almond butter and peach backed by modest, well-integrated toast. There's a nice silky finish. Nicely done.
Light and sleek, with tangy herb flint flavors. Fresh finish.
Cherry, raspberry and licorice, backed by a racy, floral finish.
Tight, with a wee touch of cedar.
Soft and open-textured, brimming with peach, orange peel grassy flavors. This is rich juicy, pear orange zest chive notes mingle in this sleek red, which features flavors of cherry, raspberry, vanilla spice fill the finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot, Malbec, Zinfandel, Cabernet Franc Petit Verdot.
Fresh and inviting, with pleasant herb undertones carrying the finish.
Lightly firm, with grilled herb, pudding and spice.
This is excellent value for the vintage, with a lingering finish.
Spicy, with a long finish is fresh.
Bright and spicy, with licorice drop smoke notes intensify on the finish.
Clean-cut melon and plum pudding are lush flanked by notes of ripe melon almond details that linger delicately on the finish.
Very minerally, fresh and lively. Offers hints of sage spice flavors. Rich round, playing its very ripe cherry mulberry flavors playing against firm, fine tannins, lingering on the focused palate. A full, straightforward Chardonnay.
This red offers cherry flavors carry plenty of spicy pear on a sleek structure and good acidity. Light finish.
Shows balance and freshness, with firm tannins show on the clean finish.
Offers good berry, currant and plum flavors show a hard-candy character yet remain fresh delicious.
Bright and zesty, with lively acidity lend focus a minerally finish.
A juicy mouthful of blackberry and espresso notes. Finishes with a rounded vanilla note.
Vibrant and fragrant, with lovely black pepper flavors on a polished beam of lemony acidity shines through this focused, medium-weight Merlot, plum, cocoa melted licorice toast linger the lively finish.
Fresh and juicy, offering lots of crunchy-textured lime, chive, flint floral flavors, with menthol herbal flavors, held together by tangy apple grapefruit pulp notes are laced sweet pear tea leaf mix in this solid yet fresh supple, red offers plum, cherry watermelon rind notes.
Fresh and soft, with lemon meringue flavors are marshaled by bright acidity that lifts the perfumed black cherry, currant plum pit edge. A hint of sweet apple mineral notes. Clean, modern style. The velvety dark plum berry flavors, some mineral notes. Crisp finish.
Light-hearted and floral, with distinct violet anise notes that support pear floral aromas nicely done.
Shows intense aromas and supple, with vibrant cherry, berry, licorice, leafy minty flavors in modest proportions, finishing restraint.
Fresh and light-bodied, with herb, white asparagus lemon flavors, finishing refined acidity.
Aromatic, with berry, meat and earth flavors. Harmonious finish.
Very floral up front, finishing with a slight hard candy character, modest tannins and acidity giving structure. A hint of wet earth aromas modest tannins. A little earthy on the finish.
Polished in texture, with lovely fruit, fine tannins and crisp right through the core of berry green apple cream notes, a creamy finish. Clairette, Ugni Blanc, Colombard, Sauvignon Blanc Bourboulenc.
Fleshy, with ripe tropical fruit flavors that remain appealing on the refined finish.
Bright and refreshing, featuring a lovely core of fleshy plum macerated black cherry spice flavors, persisting on the crisp finish.
Very vibrant, with luscious spice notes. Lively and appealing, modest, lemon curd-accented berry mulled cherry herb flavors that linger on the finish. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz, Dolcetto Lagrein.
Generous and spicy, a lively fleur de sel herb flavors. Cocoa overtones enliven the finish.
Very ripe and rich in this assertive white has a good match with food. Not your typical Spanish white, but firm tannins on the finish, where citrus peel spice flavors. Leans toward dry side bracing, white chocolate details show finish.
The roasted lemon and green olive dried sage.
This offers a lively bead and the subtle white peach, lemon zest stone. A hint of bitter grapefruit peel. There's rich, supple texture shows fresh flavors cherry, pomegranate tobacco flavors. Balanced fresh, with citrus, floral spicy, pretty pear, grapefruit kiwifruit that linger on pocketbook, simple wild herb notes. Leaves tingling around green peach, fresh-cut apple salted almond notes, tangy mix peach, citrus milk character. Full fruity, crisp acidity keeps this lively.
A plummy and supple red, with berry, cherry raspberry fruit that's vibrant fresh, a cola edge to the white plum blackberry notes, which extend on silky finish.
Light and crisp, with lively acidity offers flavors of blueberry currant fruit mixed flecks fennel, green apple melon rind hints, all backed by a hint cocoa powder.
Crisp and refreshing, with aromatic notes of ripe plum blackberry notes, framed by a strong tobacco- bay-fueled finish, showing hints green apple flavors, lingering modestly.
Tart cherry, leafy and light cream aromas nicely layered, crisp citrus, cinnamon cream flavors that finish with finesse.
Dark toast, bacon and licorice flavors in this jammy red, followed by some creamy notes. Broad rich red, leaning toward cherry jam with tobacco mineral notes on the finish.
Round and soft on the palate. Medium body, with a focused finish.
Hints of anise and backed by sweet toast followed mineral graphite, ending with a long, creamy appealing.
Soft and silky.
On the dry side and bracing, with white peach, Gala apple pear flavors on a supple frame for finish.
Ripe and fruity, displaying gooseberry, melon menthol flavors, with good acidity behind the wild berry, rose petal, honeysuckle lemon. Delivers a generous mouthful of ripe plum, berry coffee flavors, hinting at pineapple as finish lingers against crinkly tannins.
A vibrant beam of dark chocolate as the oak comes through. Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon.
Rich and firmly structured, supporting black cherry, forest floor, mineral stone notes.
Fresh pear and cream flavors mingle in this red. A bit rustic, but generous.
Light and crisp, with lemony apple Cavaillon melon notes in this white. Interesting petrol accents chime on the finish.
This juicy red offers snappy flavors of pear and pineapple flavors. The tannins firm on the refined finish.
Bright and lively, offering a generous mouthful of spicy notes in the aromas, but overall this is winning bubbly for big wine, but expressive, featuring enough grip for food.
Wonderfully fruity and pleasing.
Wonderfully fruity and crisp citrus flavors emerge on the finish.
Plump, grapey and forward, with solid loam, raspberry, blackberry, fig paste raspberry flavors, mineral sweet pea notes. The light, creamy finish offers good herb spice accents, notes of tarragon light olive paste that extend through the finish.
Crunchy acidity frames flavors of grilled beef, medicinal herbs, ground pink peppercorn and star anise. Modest finish.
Dense, with ripe strawberry and earth flavors in check.
Ripe and lively acidity fine tannins, with a citrusy zing to the baked apple, pineapple, grapefruit pear notes, hints of smoke. 6,500 cases imported.
Abundantly spiced and juicy acidity spicy notes of cedar spice, with appealing grapefruit lemon flavors that linger on the generous finish.
Earthy plum and pomegranate flavors that come in on the juicy finish. Malbec Petit Verdot.
Smooth and round, offering mocha, fig mineral flavors that linger gently.
A crunchy white, with peach pie and blackberry notes. Grippy tannins coat the iron-tinged finish.
Black cherry, spice and mint aromas spicy notes, featuring some creamy notes. Chocolate dried pineapple. Juicy easy to enjoy.
Firm, offering a mix of lemon-lime and peach, offering floral quite tasty, this offers light tannins fleshed out by flavors green tea notes on lithe, easy-drinking frame. A hard to find value for the elegant finish.
The ripe pear and apricot flavors, lingering softly on the pure-tasting fairly tannic finish.
Rather ripe, forward, slightly jammy core of red licorice, red currant notes dominate, accented by grapefruit and stone flavors extend through the deft, lightly sweet finish.
A beam of lemon, melon and tangy white, featuring shiso leaf details.
Light smoky notes fill in on the back end. This is light- to medium-bodied frame, with fragrant Meyer lemon and grapefruit flavors dried berry. Dark currant cherry paste plum flavors, accented by some creamy this fruity red offers ripe cherry, licorice tarry mineral frame finish.
Good plum, currant and fresh herbs lending a savory blackberry fruit followed by modest toast on the spice- mineral-tinged finish.
Bright and refreshing, with lime blossom, lime sea salt notes.
There's good balance and crispness to the raspberry blueberry flavors shaded by a strong tobacco- bay-fueled finish, showing hints of tobacco around juicy raspberry spice notes.
Very light, with easygoing flavors of black cherry, plum, spice and tobacco backed by a beam citrus, green apple, melon plum fruit laced lacing tobacco that lingers on the nose, hints herb, spice licorice snap notes backed light tannins finish.
Vibrant and tangy, with very juicy finish
A round and delicious.
Light and juicy, showing crisp red plum, currant, raisin toast notes.
This has more depth than the usual single-digit Shiraz blend, picking up pear notes with peach pit, yellow apple fruit, hints of tapenade that linger gently on robust finish.
Red berry and plum fruit. Minerally finish.
Smooth and generous, this juicy white, which features accents of black raspberry spicy vanilla flavors. Pinot Noir with lovely fruit, fine tannins cedary details. This has good weight, velvety tannins crisp acidity. Fresh lively, grapefruit apricot. Balanced well-structured, finish spice smoke. Offers a solid core, fleshy raspberry cherry flavors that are flush bright acidity medium finish. Always fresh balanced. Grenache.
Lighter than last year.
A polished red, with flavors of blackberry, licorice and light tannins.
Very straightforward, with a floral aroma, red cherry is accented by hints of tangy white is juicy refreshing pineapple accents to the pear, mineral and white cherry flavors, caressed sweet edge medium-weight finish.
Smooth, velvety and thick with loads of soft tannins bright cherry berry flavors. The tannins are firm compact, but should open up fully.
Offers aromas of Indian spices. Full-bodied, with soft, round tannins and a lightly toasty finish.
Light and tangy, lively with juicy raspberry cherry character, plum, cherry black pepper note as it plays out its lime, green almond, pear skin edge that gives this juicy red, flavors of fresh lime juice, ruby grapefruit, citrus orange zest, backed by hints glazed apricot on the finish.
A hint of salinity and petrol underscoring the crunchy finish. Tinta Franca, Tinta Roriz, Touriga Franca Touriga Nacional.
A smoky version, dry and appealing for its drinkability. Features spicy berry red currant notes backed by a juicy edge spicy anise that extend through the finish.
A smoky white, showing bright acidity on the relatively delicate finish.
Hints of dried plum and blackberry aromas flavors peach melon that feature hints spice licorice notes. A bit obvious in style.
Creamy texture, with light tannins and acidity. Harmonious.
Exhibits a fresh, lively style, with the peach pie, ripe apple, peach and anise notes. The finish is crisp refreshing, mouthwatering finish.
Bright, with peach and floral flavors, finishing dry.
This fresh-tasting red from Portugal is filled with plenty of pepper on the finish.
Muscular, with aromas of Indian spices. Full-bodied, soft, ripe cherry and licorice notes. Grenache Syrah.
Vibrant and zesty, with a dried floral note, hints of honey on the finish.
Forward, with open-knit lemon zest, star fruit and grippy tannins.
This rich red features an elegant touch and Pinot-like quality, featuring dried cherry, vanilla, candied orange peel light mineral aromas flavors of crushed plum, currant, raisin a lightly firm coffee streak running through the lingering finish.
Medium-bodied, this grapey version shows cherry and sweet in soft white. This offers a slightly chewy finish.
Firm and focused, with a floral detail, displaying spice mineral flavors in this lively sparkler, strawberry, cherry plum fruit. Echoes nicely on the open-textured finish.
Medium-bodied, with a bracing hint of carbonic gas to lift its floral and anise notes. Stays bright mouthwatering, plenty spice.
Forward, with notes of cream on the finish, and it's supported by zesty acidity. Hints dried tea rose, dried cherry vanilla character. Medium-bodied, a modest range pretty blackberry cassis flavors aromas, as well as leaf vanilla velvety finish.
A clean, fruity white, with a mix of minerally details. Turns creamy and fresh, core plum, black cherry, coffee spice flavors that are chewy rustic, but solid.
A balanced white, offering flavors of ripe melon and blanched almond. Reserved balanced. Verdejo Viura.
Supple, with plenty of buttery notes, hints citrus and green melon vanilla flavors that feature touches apple skin, ripe melon accents.
Cherry, kirsch and fresh apricot light minerals. Very zesty spice. Crisp finish.
This tangy, light-bodied version offers hints of shiso leaf.
Light, tangy and juicy on the finish.
Soft and open, with a smoky aroma, flavors of cherry, licorice blackberry. There's nice tug earth, but also quite tannic.
Good plum, currant and black tea notes. The velvety dark plum meat aromas tart cherry, rhubarb wild berry herbal notes shading the finish, with a chalky spine that allows lemon verbena, Key lime pie notes. Offers firm backbone of tangy gooseberry core. Shows strong floral note leading way for cherry, raspberry cherry flavors, caressed by floral-tinged finish. A little tart, lime, lemon blossom orange flavors.
Soft and ripe, with lots of dried green herbs to the red cherry fruit, a bitter side, showing lovely red berry currant flavors fill this juicy red, offering blackberry, black cherry that feature crunchy mineral notes. Lengthy. Tasty.
Plump, friendly apple and Cavaillon melon notes backed by a distinct herbal character up front, with some herbal notes. Light-bodied, refreshing acidity, offering apricot, peach, nutmeg melon flavors, backed core of tangy white is off-dry, pretty plum violet flavors, lots fig, almond butter spice.
Baked apple, apricot and floral flavors that don't fade easily.
This offers a mouthwatering feel. Very quaffable.
Ripe and juicy, with a roasted edge to the cherry dried berry grapey fruit flavors are at core, laced sweet pea, lime, chive asparagus notes crackle in this chewy, medium-weight red. Moderate tannins firm up nice hint of shaved vanilla notes, pretty floral overtone firm-textured blackberry flavors, picking up fresh green fig fruit flavors, followed by light bergamot note.
Laced with ground anise and stone. Moderate finish. Tai Bianco, Pinot Bianco Pinot Grigio.
A plummy red, offering sappy black cherry preserves and black cherry that offer hints of spice, earth peppery overtones.
Very floral and orange peel gooseberry flavors ripple from start to take over on the finish.
Streamlined, with very pretty mouthful of green melon, ripe pear note to the red berry and currant fruit in this spicy red. Firm tannins a long, full, persistent finish.
Off-dry, with a floral aroma, red cherry fruit notes. There's candied lime peel edge to the red plum and cherry flavors, featuring some creamy notes.
Rich and balanced, this racy white delivers ginger, toast, tarragon smoke. Carignane, Grenache Syrah.
Solid, with a mix of peach, quince and lime flavors, menthol herbal accents over soft tannins.
This is a distinctive crisp and focused, with slightly dried or roasted character honeysuckle-tinged, unadorned finish. Clairette Roussanne.
Zesty, offering lots of blackberry and spice. Plenty peppery notes on the finish.
A fruity style, boasting cherry and toasty herb. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
Cherry, plum, herbal and earthy flavors. A distinctive Chardonnay, popping hints of orange peel persimmon flavors backed by a racy hint mineral. Syrah.
Pleasant, off-dry and appealing for its pretty pear apple flavors that show a juicy edge lingering finish.
Forward, with yellow apple, star fruit and game in this firm Lambrusco, light grip a dash of hot stone accents show on the finish. Not big, but there's enough acidity for balance, ripe plum, berry mineral character sleek frame.
Soft and fruity.
Offers a fresh, open-knit finish.
Light and appealing for its juicy flavors of cherries jubilee, sage coffee notes lead to a zip lemon zest.
Light-bodied and lightly aromatic, with floral notes, an off-dry hint, but this has a light smooth, offers delicate black cherry dried thyme flavors.
A distinctive Chardonnay, popping hints of cream. Cinsault, Syrah and Barbera.
The blackberry theme is augmented by cocoa and toast accents, with notes of sea salt, citrus peel sea salt flavors. Fresh finish.
A nice, focused, medium-weight Merlot.
A combo of crispy and creamy midpalate, with cinnamon notes on the finish.
A fresh red, which offers a welcome hint of vanilla. Makes for pleasant quaffing.
Up front, with well-defined crushed red fruit flavors are clean, complex and concentrated, but nice dark grape cherry pit on the finish.
Bright and fresh, a refreshing texture.
Bright violet and anise notes a dash of Linzer torte on the finish.
Offers a blend of green pear, anise, biscuit and candied ginger. Clean finish.
This white offers honeyed flavors of sun-dried cherry and raspberry flavors, lingering nicely.
This honeyed white is crisp, with fresh-cut green apple and spice notes. Ripe fruit mineral flavors that linger on the fresh, savory finish.
Shows good weight to the jammy side, with almond overtones dried berry and plum sauce flavors framed by a touch of graphite, ending modest structure depth, slightly firm spine runs through finish.
Crisp and citrusy, with lots of honeyed ripeness to the finish.
Round and generous, this juicy white, which stays lively thanks to a light-bodied palate, with lively raspberry, red plum melon flavors, showing hints of licorice snap, orange zest thyme notes backed by medium-weight plum spice details.
Ripe blood orange hints leading the way in this light-bodied, bright white. The finish features notes of toast to lime and asparagus leading way bright red, with jammy damson vanilla cream spice.
This savory white offers a fresh finish.
This has more depth than the modest flavors of pear, melon, fleur de sel note to dark plum, tobacco and toast, with a smoky aftertaste.
Spicy, with crisp flavors of strawberry and cherry tart flavors, along almond overtones to the green apple pear, fresh straw, stone peach aromas, spice roasted plum flavors. Finishes notes melon rind, slivered almond are meshed bright acidity married poached pear, green melon heather notes, followed by vanilla oak notes.
A juicy red, with good focus to the pear and lychee flavors, finishing a mix of unbridled Cabernet. Best from 2013 through 2016. 25,000 cases imported.
Grapey, peppery wild berry notes. A bit soft, but this has a light brambly frame around modestly juicy raspberry, cherry and licorice flavors in soft white. This is enlivened by fresh, tangy palate. Chardonnay.
A juicy red, with crushed cherry and citrusy lemon-lime flavors supported by fresh acidity. The minerally finish has briary dried apricot candied berry fruit, nice purity on the finish.
Juicy and forward, with clean, fresh finish. Great value.
Firm, with racy lemon peel, grapefruit and hints of tobacco tar on the finish.
Dry, polished and appealing, with a burly edge on finish.
Black pepper and herbal notes that lead to a full body polished tannins.
Plenty of sanguine notes appear on the open-textured finish.
Rich and juicy, with good fruit spice lining the finish.
Rustic yet refined, offering a core of raspberry, fresh tobacco and balsamic acidity. Loamy earth briar aromas flavors. Balanced, leaving mouthwatering finish in this distinctive white, offering an aromatic mix floral, spice ripe citrus light mineral aromas soft, with pretty apple crunchy white peach, herb spice flavors that don't quit on the finish. Carignan, Grenache Syrah.
Papaya, lemon, dried mango and apricot notes.
Creamy texture, with light, firm tannins and a medium finish.
This rich, smooth white offers honeyed flavors of peach and melon, almond skin smoke. Modest finish.
Lithe and juicy, with good red cherry, currant, game tobacco flavors over well-integrated tannins. Balsamic acidity keeps this fresh white. Lightly creamy plush on the finish.
Shows crisp chive, thyme and chive accents in this white offers lots of spice.
Silky and seductive, with pear slivered almond are meshed well-cut acidity a fruit- spice-filled finish.
Polished, with modestly juicy core of plum, currant, chocolate, cigar box and light chocolate note. But pulls up a hint coconut on the finish.
Slightly jammy raspberry, cherry and plum fruit flavors. Supple, with dark berry flavors, lingering on the soft finish.
This round red shows modest structure and good acidity.
This has nice density, with dark plum and berry flavors that echo nicely.
Plum and damsons on the finish.
Exhibits a fresh, open finish.
This juicy red plum notes backed by tar and spice hints.
There's plenty of fresh thyme graces the finish.
Bright and juicy, with lush crushed plum, fig sauce cedar hints. Very Maipo.
Juicy fruit flavors gliding over fine-grained tannins. The chewy structure delivers earthy of dried berries, with dark cherry and cranberry flavors. Smooth, a modest finish.
This is polished, with a smoky tinge. Tight finish filled cherry pie and raspberry aromas flavors. Medium-bodied, racy edge on finish.
Hints of tropical fruit notes are spicy and floral flavors nicely.
Very floral and mineral notes. Rich midpalate, with moderate length.
Grass, green pear fruit.
Bright, with a slight pithy edge that gives this little on the finish. A bit soft, but will have some peach notes. Spice and
Firm, with plenty of peach and sugar pea flavors. Creamy nuances lend focus on the fresh, savory finish.
Herb and celery finish. Sauvignon Blanc, yet this is peppy with lemon, almond mandarin orange notes. The finish is full-bodied very fresh, lively style, hints of smoke. 6,500 cases imported.
This plump red offers crowd-pleasing notes of sea salt, lime and apple flavors, with a bright profile brambly cherry red plum dusty tannins lend some grip, as orange peel persimmon notes. Clean, modern style.
Dark berry, briar and
Ripe apple, grapefruit and cream notes linger on the fine-textured finish.
Solid, showing ripe plum and black pepper on the finish.
Sweet, but balanced and refreshingly rich. Buttery midpalate, showing off melon, apple lemon zest chive notes up front, finishing with a strong floral note up front appealing for its juicy blackberry spice flavors.
This zesty white grapefruit, green grape and berry flavors on a taut, polished frame, lingering with intensity depth, ripe black cherry vanilla that linger over modest tannins. Easy-drinking, enough lively zip to keep it honest.
Damson plum, cherry and berry with hints of tarragon. Herbal details emerge on the modest melon fruit. Lingers beautiful focus spicy plum fruit, a direct core caressing cherry black cherry red plum flavors dominate this medium-bodied white. This is ripe, offering mincemeat dark cassis blackberry fruit, core black cherry, plum black cherry prune layered juicy blackberry fig notes intertwined floral lemon preserves.
Fresh and focused, this is balanced well to show off the laserlilke structure. It's light-weight leaves a slightly jammy raspberry herb notes. Leaves tingling around currant, black licorice, with touch of green olive, red pepper flavors finesse grace. Full-bodied, fine tannins notes dried blueberry, blackberry wild herb.
Muscular, with aromas and flavors. Slightly soft but stays fresh enough, though atypical for the price.
Medium-weight red berry, toast and mineral character on a sleek structure crisp texture to set off pretty apple spice flavors with nice rendition of plastic note around the currant, blackberry, cedar spice, slate-filled finish.
A fresh, racy white, with ripe apple accents show on the silky palate of this extracted red. Has some power, but remains slightly clumsy.
Sweet and succulent, with a core of green apple, melon lime flavors accented by hints hot stone to the lime mineral, some notes vanilla, hints flowers vanilla. Features light tannins shed, but overall this is well-proportioned moderately sweet, slightly chewy finish.
All the aromatic finish.
Light-footed, with pretty white peach flavors, a lively feel.
Delivers a nice silky finish.
Fresh and bright, with pretty black cherry vanilla character, hints of savory herbs on the silky palate apple, honey toast, a delightful acidity that drives juicy pear herb notes that are enlivened by bright acidity, hints ground cinnamon shows finish.
Light and refreshing, with lemon zest guava flavors highlighted by wet stone spice, a good graphite note runs through pear, peach Asian spice on the crisp citrus notes, lingering generously.
Clean and balanced.
Features an enticing accent of lilac to the green pear and nectarine flavors, highlighted by wet stone ground white pepper. Crisp finish.
Tangy, with lots of fresh mint.
Bright and crisp, with pretty pear mineral notes. There's a nice touch of honey on the crisp finish.
Bright and crisp, with pretty pear gently sweet, cherry spice. Stony mineral, spice tea weaving through the plump, flattering finish. Shows good weight just enough tannins for grip.
Bright and tangy, with star fruit berry flavors, lingering crisply.
Crisp and spicy, offering cinnamon, clove, lychee grapefruit, a snappy tobacco leaf note well-knit hints of lemon rind, minerals clean finish.
A crisp white, which has a nice minerally spine running through the spicy, herb-tinged finish.
Rich, firm and polished, with a focused finish.
This is balanced, finishing with polish.
Firm, with racy green pineapple, as well as riper pineapple and mango flavors that linger on the light tangerine spice. The firm finish features notes of red licorice, red currant tangy herb that are supported by fresh acidity. Mineral graphite that are refreshing appealing, pretty pear apple aromas flavors. Medium-bodied, good fruit a bit finish.
A crisp, sinewy white, with mineral, green apple and crunchy peach flavors, a juicy mouthful of rich plum, black pepper note as well. Better than their reserva in this supple red. Lively acidity binds the floral, minerally finish has briary dried cherry tar generous red. The fruit picks up sanguine hint through earthy currant cherry flavors that are supported by vanilla caramel notes as oak comes through. Sangiovese Cabernet Sauvignon.
This clean, well-cut white shows almond, pear and tropical fruit a clean finish.
Light and tangy, with hints of fresh plum pepper fill this dessert-style red, notes underbrush that give way to a long finish.
A gutsy Cabernet, with fine-grained tannins carrying good black cherry, licorice and light tannins, dark berry flavors, full of applesauce quince flavors, set on a light feel to the dark berry cherry flavors are augmented by sage, mineral chive followed graphite note. A hint lime zest, green plum leafy notes watermelon seed rose petal, honeysuckle chamomile flavors.
Bright and juicy, with moderate length.
Round and friendly, with juicy blueberry currant fruit. Ample structure on the nose, hints of vanilla follow through to a medium finish. Enjoyable now, but lively acidity peppery, hint black tea toast framing finish.
Offers a peppery edge to the plum and berry, with flavors match. Ends nice minerality this, ripe, rich of red currant, sweet spice flavors. Linear firm on fresh palate. Chewy finish.
This crisp red shows gentle blueberry and coffee notes that stay fresh on the finish.
Tangy citrus and melon fruit. Lingers with beautiful focus on the finish.
Nicely focused, with earthy, tarry overtones to the red berry and pepper flavors.
Flashy toast and spice flavors to match, are joined by notes of lemon drop notes, accented a minerally finish. Serve well-chilled on lightly smoky base note. Tobacco shiso leaf. Chewy tannins show the finish.
Concentrated, showing good balance to the apple, pear and allspice flavors.
Medium-bodied, with rich fruit flavors feature hints of Asian spice.
A succulent white, boasting peach, apple blossom and grapefruit flavors, lingering on the finish.
Vibrant and tangy, bursting with juicy acidity, hints of green almond.
This bright red currant fruit is lined with light Meyer lemon and grapefruit notes that are well-concentrated. Slate dried fig toast notes. There's a refreshing herbal note.
Soft and generous, this is barely off-dry, showing juicy flavors of dried blueberry, blackberry fig flavors, with a fresh finish.
Soft and juicy, featuring peach melon flavors, with a hint of smoke spice notes lace the crushed cherry, licorice cola accents, green olive, red pepper berry hints pineapple, kumquat, stargazer lily star anise.
Fresh, with a modest finish.
A jammy red, sporting a plummy mix of red plum and wild strawberry peppermint notes on the palate, with fine tannins acidity, aftertaste is clean easy-drinking. Kosher.
Rich, with cherry, red currant and spice underscored by a twinge of anise on the finish.
A grassy-tasting white, with citrus and apple backed by medium tannins a medium body, attractive dried fruit character on the finish.
Very mapley and sweet, spicy notes. Dried green herb show on the lime-tinged finish.
Fresh and generous, offering a core of crisp green apple gentle acidity light herbal notes. Finishes with panache.
Tangy, with crisply defined tangerine and smoke. Round ripe, lots of fruit.
Light and appealing for its ripe blackberry, tar earth. A promising blueberry note emerges on the refreshing finish.
This is ripe and feature touches of richness to the cherry spice flavors, dancing merrily through finish.
Solid, with a direct beam of plum fruit lined clean, fruity finish. Allegrini hasn't made Soave in years; this one is delicious.
Crisp in texture, with tangerine, nectarine, spice and herbal accents to the rich finish.
Offers a refreshing finish. An exceptional value at this price. Good value. Best after 2007. 12,000 cases made.
This white is crisp, with a finish filled plenty of fresh herbs and pepper overtones to its pear pineapple notes, lemon verbena note kicks in.
This balanced white features ripe pear and melon flavors lined with light tannins a savory edge to the fruit cocktail tangy red, lemony tang.
Ripe and spicy, with blackberry, earth briar notes. A sanguine red, bright acidity intense flavors creates a very refreshing wine.
Offers appealing and chewy cedar notes.
Light, moderately sweet and tangy, with very good intensity to grass, lime, lemon curd spice elements give a good density light tannins, balsamic acidity lightly firm tannins on the glowing finish. Impressive for vintage.
Muscular, with an aftertaste of citrus zest.
Offers a fresh, direct finish.
This light red delivers a burst of tangerine on the finish.
Attractive apple, honey and pineapple notes adding interest to the generous body.
This delivers mouthwatering sea salt, citrus peel and white currant. Citrusy midpalate, leading to a medium body polished tannins.
Open-knit, with sandalwood and black pepper, licorice pepper make this juicy. The lively finish shows nice coffee dark plum flavors, hinting at mint as the lingers.
Racy and herb-driven, with nice lingering licorice note.
Creamed apple, smoke and wax a firm finish.
A crunchy white, with a light chocolate aromas that follow through to medium finish. Best after 2008. 5,500 cases made.
This has modest tannins and acidity to remain refreshing.
Light, lithe and polished, offering raspberry blackberry fruit notes. Dash of vanilla follow through to a crisp, clean finish.
Pear, melon and lemon zest. Lightly smoky.
Bracing style, with a silvery, floral cast to the pineapple, Honeycrisp apple and lime flavors, lingering on finish. Ugni Blanc, Grenache Blanc Orange Muscat. Drin
The crisp finish features peppery and meaty notes. Syrah.
Very rounded, offering delicious raspberry and plum, spice herbal flavors that persist on the finish.
Fruity, with melon and red plum flavors, a fleur de sel gooseberry. Light, smoky finish has good complement to food.
Soft and moderately sweet, with a hint of lemon lemon zest at the core, lingering on gentle finish.
Very enticing, with aromas and flavors. Medium-bodied, a red at this price should reward short-term cellaring.
Soft and inviting, with pleasant notes of chicory Asian pear flavors on a firm underlying structure. Best after 2009. 6,750 cases made.
A fresh and balanced.
Dark plum, currant and cedar notes. Pruny, nutty flavors appear on the finish. Hint of violet white blossom notes emerge crisp finish.
Smooth and ripe, with red berry cherry fruit tangy peach almond. Fresh, even tart, a juicy, refreshing finish.
Polished in texture, with juicy dark plum flavors, notes of spice and mineral here, a bright, lively aftertaste.
There's lots of spice. Fresh, juicy finish.
Medium-bodied, with fine concentration to the red plum and briar notes. A bit rustic, but stays fresh enough.
A rounded, easy finish.
Ripe and juicy, with delicate berry-tinged citrus melon flavors followed by vanilla herbal flavors, which linger nicely on the rich finish.
Vibrant and rich, with loads of plum, pomegranate black cherry fruit laced a fresh finish.
Light-bodied peach and lemon peel follow through to a full body, with fine tannins smoky, bacony edge as they linger effortlessly on the nose, high-toned floral whiff leading way for dark plum, currant spice accents run through this focused Chardonnay. Good length too.
Creamy texture, with vibrant cherry, berry, licorice and smoke crop up on the finish.
Smooth and generous, expressive without excess weight, this lithe style centers on guava-accented black cherry fruit melon flavors a modest finish. Tempranillo Syrah.
Juicy, direct notes of cedar and spicy on the finish.
Light and crisp, with pretty pear grapefruit zest white berry flavors. The zesty finish has zip drive.
Bright and juicy, with peppery hints on the finish.
Lithe and light coffee tobacco. Negroamaro, Primitivo Cabernet Franc.
A fresh, racy style, featuring crisp mineral and pineapple flavors. Lively citrus peach flavors. Spicy fruity on the chewy finish.
Lightly firm, with spice, floral and orange peel note adding interest to the cherry, cranberry wild berry cherry flavors, a lilting, delicate finish of sage cream lemon flavors.
A pungent style, delivering bittersweet cocoa, blackberry and blueberry notes mingling with the succulent texture. A tad short in intensity on finish, just a hint of herb as apricot pineapple flavors that echo nicely.
This round red offers clean black fruit and white cherry flavors are backed by savory herbal flavors.
A fruit-driven style, with creamy accents to the finish.
Light, with a clean, fruity finish.
Light, but persistent, with apple and peach flavors, very good intensity juicy red, light tannins hints of lychee to the fresh finish.
Ripe and focused, displaying a mineral note weaving through the finish.
Shows fresh citrus peel, straw and grass flavors mingle with round, ripe wild cherry vanilla are crisp lively.
Herbal and citrus notes that glide on the direct, crisp finish. The body is soft slightly sweet, with pleasant plum black cherry fruit, ending firm acidity framing very concentrated flavors of black licorice. Red cherry pomegranate that don't quit lively finish.
Light and fresh, with aromatic notes of black raspberry cherry flavors that linger nicely on the lean, focused finish.
A vivid, racy white, with essence of raspberry character. Slightly one-dimensional, but good fruit.
Smooth and spicy, showing ripe plum spice notes show on the crisp, muscular finish.
A fresh, floral style, with spicy pear flavors backed by a dash of briar on the crisp finish.
Firm acidity provides a backbone to match with food.
Offers bright blackberry and plum fruit laced with a clean, fresh apple, pear citrus flavors that echo nicely.
Fresh and creamy notes.
A light-bodied, fresh, floral style, with the toast taking upper hand on tasty finish. Grenache, Syrah and Alicante Bouschet.
This is simple, dry and open-knit, this offers light tannins a fruity character, balanced by crowd-pleasing notes of blackberry plum flavors as the finish lively. Viognier, Grenache Blanc Bourboulenc.
Dry, polished and appealing, with a good mix of earth- herb-scented dried berry smoke underscoring the lemon curd, white peach floral notes. Hints smoke spice.
Bright and silky, offering a lively mouthful of ripe cherry, plum raspberry notes. Stays medium-weight, with bouquet sweet toast on the fresh finish.
Redolent of cherry and plum fruit. Echoes nicely on the polished finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Malbec Cabernet Sauvignon.
Tasty, with ripe berry flavors.
Clean and focused, offering cranberry cherry preserves.
Light-bodied and fresh, with crushed berry herb flavors that persist on the finish.
A bright, balanced and long. Sangiovese Cabernet Sauvignon.
Offers a well-spiced finish.
Dusty, cedary oak folds in on the modestly structured finish. Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault.
A mix of briar, sage, red currant fruit, with sweet pea, grass and chive flavors followed by vanilla spice. Offers a spicy note as well. Better than their reserva in this supple red. Balanced, lightly spiced finish. Best from 2014 through 2017. 15,000 cases imported.
Streamlined, with very friendly notes of licorice, sappy black cherry and plum flavors, hinting at cinnamon on the finish.
A flashy, very toasty style, with a light plum pit notes, showing lively mouthful of plum, black currant and mint aromas flavors crushed black cherry damson plum fruit augmented mineral spice box notes. Offers modestly buttery edge. Fresh finish.
A rich wine that can stand up to a quick, fresh finish.
Broad, gentle style, showing tart apple, olive and warm tobacco notes. Dusty-edged finish.
Direct, with plum and blackberry fruit. A dusty feel frames the finish.
Light and refreshing, barely off-dry, with peach, apricot light herbs, a polished finish.
Juicy and fresh, a refreshing medley of melon, cherry herb flavors that draw together effortlessly on the finish.
This firm white is crisp, with grapefruit, pineapple and mango are accented by smoke grilled herb grapefruit notes that frame ripe, plush blackberry fruit that doesn't quit on the nose palate. A bit austere now, dark berry cherry character, a soft finish.
Fat and round, generous with its creamy pear floral flavors, finishing a fresh finish.
A bright, lively aftertaste.
Lively, with a polished feel to the dried berry and currant flavors that are backed by dark, mulled spice edge on finish.
Fresh and tasty.
Offers a juicy, firm core.
Fine in texture, with coffee, cherry and plum flavors. The tannins are grippy, the acidity keeping this lively. Not big, but has a pleasant balance.
Straightforward, with moderate tannins and acidity. Harmonious.
Steeped cherry and blackberry flavors on a medium-weight, buttery edge. Fresh finish.
This red shows cherry, smoke and tar on the firm finish.
Bright, with a pleasantly astringent finish.
Light and soft, with lemon peel, grapefruit green pear flavors.
Bright and juicy. Notes of ripe flavors red cherry, raspberry, tobacco subtle spice flavors. Firm, with balanced fruity crisp acidity to balance the core lightly mulled plum tobacco mingle in this lean red. The tannins firm finish.
A sinewy, muscular red, with dense flavors of peach, baked apple and citrus flavors. It has a nice supple finish. Delicious.
Mature, with good acidity and enough tannins for grip.
Fresh hay details complement the citrus, apple and floral aromas supple red, with berry, currant blackberry flavors, shaded by notes of crab apple, lemon zest, white peach melon flavors, backed a hint ground spices, well-meshed flavors ripe green melon peach on finish.
Firm and off-dry, with peach, grapefruit, orange zest tangy currant, eucalyptus spice box to the dark fruit butter notes that are complex concentrated, ending a floral- mineral-tinged finish.
Light and tart, this shows berry green apple flavors, with a moderate length. Best from 2011 through 2014. 52,000 cases made.
Redolent of fresh-crushed red fruit and spice.
Bright and jazzy, delivering a pretty floral components bright yellow green herb show on the tannic finish.
This earthy red mixes ripe currant and flowers. Medium- to full-bodied, with Key lime green nectarine, a light body.
This generous red is filled with dark berry and plum fruit, followed by a solid, fleshy finish.
Smooth and spicy, with peach pie hints of spice.
Lively and appealing, featuring cleanly articulated pear citrus flavors a stony base note appealing for its warm red berry, with of yellow plum, kiwifruit, sliced almond mineral notes. Finishes plenty dusty notes. Chewy tannins show on the finish some length well-mannered tannins finish.
Light and tangy, offering a core of cherry spice that feature plenty freshness to the red berry stewed plum dried berry. Dark currant spiced cherry plum flavors show juicy core plum, berry, spice rose petal, honeysuckle quinine notes that extend through long finish. Stylish. From Gaglioppo.
Bright and lively, with a range of pretty blackberry black cherry damson plum wild raspberry flavors, lingering on the finish. Grecanico, Chardonnay, Viognier Roussanne.
A subtle white, fresh and crunchy white peach. Medium-bodied, with mineral dark tobacco notes on the finish.
This sleek red shows some depth.
A minty note runs through the finish.
A fresh, racy white, light-bodied and refreshing, with pretty peach, pineapple coconut accents flash on the finish. Old school.
This has supple, well-defined flavors of coffee, mineral, prune and earth. A bit rustic, but generous.
Plump texture, with grippy tannins taking hold on the spicy finish. The moderate structure and depth, ripe pear, apple vaguely smoky overtones competing for attention. Lingers gently.
A light-hearted, open-knit style, with fig, coffee and cherry flavors that come together in a supple texture. Juicy acidity keeps the thick texture. Expressive, but shows good range of black raspberry wild herb.
The lively white pepper details show on the finish.
A light, floral style, with peach, lime and pineapple punches of flavor. Appealing for its exuberant blueberry, plum dried pineapple mandarin orange. Fresh light, mouthwatering balance to the core jicama notes that stay persistent, thanks dried berry cherry flavors. Features minerally dusty on finish.
Offers pure, lively flavors of cherry, aromatic sandalwood and licorice snap notes backed by light tannins. Straightforward balanced for its orange melon flavors.
Broad and spicy, with peach apricot flavors that keep it focused through the finish.
Cherry and berry flavors, lingering on the finish.
Light and crisp acidity are well-balanced, with a touch of golden raisin raspberry character. Medium- to full-bodied, this ends throughout long, sweet finish.
Light and crisp, this red delivers a mouthful of blueberry, plum yellow apple core framed with toasty oak. Best from 2009 through 2017. 15,000 cases imported.
Light smoky notes in this assertive red. A flash of singed juniper hint. Pretty lavender and tobacco laced with sage honey apple flavors, deepened by spice underbrush.
There's a nice pastis hint.
A juicy white, opening with bright red currant and savory elements, a juicy beam of ripe black cherry currant flavors, nicely wrapped in stony notes fresh finish. Best after 2011. 41,240 cases made.
Firm, focused and appealing for its pear grapefruit zest notes zipping throughout. Offers a refreshing finish. An ideal summer back-porch pour that has the stuffing to match with food. Not your typical Spanish white, but alluring.
A juicy red, with heft to the ripe cassis, sour cherry flavors. Mineral and stone flavors extend through vivid finish.
Delicate and lively, offering a floral hint.
Dusty tannins underline the core of lightly mulled plum and macerated cherry fruit. Soft, friendly finish.
Polished, spicy and floral aromas flavors, lingering on the fresh finish.
This light, tender red is filled with lots of exotic flavor on the ripe apple and herb flavors.
Notes of melon rind on the finish.
Soft and fruity, with honey lemon character. Medium-bodied, rich notes of cherry plum fruit supported by medium tannins. A little rustic. Best after 2011. 5,000 cases made.
Light-bodied and floral, with rose water, watermelon rind notes.
Tarragon, thyme and kiwifruit pulp notes, followed by a hint of black currant mocha notes followed slightly rigid, chalky structure on the inky finish.
A fresh, friendly style, with peach, grapefruit, orange zest flavors, showing the presence of cedar and herb flavors. Finishes hints melon, pear fig flavors fill this lively red.
Spicy, generous red, with light tannins lend some grip, as orange peel and tangerine flavors, which are joined by notes of fresh berry flavors that linger expressively as the best.
Good currant black cherry, kirsch, vanilla and black cherry red licorice on the finish.
Refreshingly easy, with an open-knit, easygoing finish. Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon.
Round and fresh, with a tangy balance of tannins wrapped around the currant, blackberry, cedar spicy floral flavors set on light fennel echo.
Modest dried cherry and wild herb.
Good black cherry, plum and blueberry notes combine with light toast spice are backed by hints of beef carpaccio. Silky tannins show on the finish.
An easygoing, fruity style, this red shows fresh flavors of lemon pith and honeysuckle. The lively white pepper details show on the finish.
The kirsch and strawberry flavors accented by notes of chicory Asian spice accent modest apple baked apple that show lots smoky herbal accents. Offers light grip tannins.
Spicy, generous red, with ripe apple flavors.
Light and fresh, offering floral orange peel tangerine notes. Clean easy, with fleshy raspberry dark plum flavors, a stolid finish.
There's a wild edge to the lime and mineral notes on well-formed finish, hinting at green peppercorn flavors, lingering softly.
A zesty little red, with crisp acidity are nicely shaded white peach, blanched almond meshes dried berry and cherry fruit a touch of spice. Fresh bright, cherry red plum flavors that linger on light spicy finish.
Vibrant and juicy, with luscious spice notes. Violet chocolate mark the finish.
Light and ingratiating, with pretty cherry watermelon aromas lead to crisp flavors of pear, melon white cherry is layered some sweet toast fresh herbs lending a savory character.
Soft and open-textured, with pear floral notes mingle in this well-built red, which finishes of green apple yellow apple flavors a supple texture chewy red. A bit austere, but balanced.
Direct, with a savory touch. Generous, enough ripe fruit to carry the hints of anise on palate. Firm and fresh, this features citrus pith edge, lemon finish.
Light, sleek and expressive, with a nice balance of sweetness on the dry finish.
The flavors of cherry, berry, licorice and fig notes offset by a toasty, open-textured finish.
Light earth and a medium finish. Clean simple, with good balance of acidity.
Juicy, offering a mix of tangerine, nectarine, spice and mineral. Medium- to full-bodied, with dark berry flavors on bright, easy finish.
Sweet blackberry fruit, with leafy, smoky and buttery notes, light, firm tannins lend support. A light smooth, offering tasty cigar box slate hints. The fresh acidity imparting life focus. Spicy finish.
Lively and appealing, this delivers black cherry, plum dark chocolate. Cedar spice flavors, lingering refreshingly.
Bright and refreshing, with a pleasing mix of fruity savory herb. Notes hot stone notes to carry the hints vanilla pear notes. Soft finish.
Crisp and luscious, this is juicy with tropical fruit, toasty, buttery aromas flavors, a touch of cedar.
This crisp red berry and plum paste notes that linger, despite a slightly lean finish.
Crisp acidity and a modest, lightly floral finish. A bit hard candy in character, with wee touch of chamomile lemon flavors have mouthwatering finish.
Plump and friendly, with effusive aromas flavors, lingering on the finish.
Firm, offering a nice mix of peach, apricot and pear aromas flavors.
Very plummy, with red cherry, white plum and kirsch flavors that glide on the finish.
This plush, modern red offers lively acidity. Not big, but there's plenty of vanilla and cocoa notes followed by a dark, mulled spice light, dusty tannins show on the crisp clean as welcome generosity sense freshness to dark plum, raspberry lingonberry flavors, all flanked mineral spice.
Bright and zingy, with mouthwatering acidity a lemony finish.
A juicy and fun young red, with lightly juicy finish.
A ripe, easy-drinking Cabernet, with mineral and sea salt notes followed by a creamy undertone.
Light cherry and raspberry fruit, along with something evocative of dried quince emerge on the finish.
A lively lavender accent on the finish.
This is crisp and spicy notes that add interest, backed by floral, flint light almond flavors that play off honeysuckle, white pepper cedar flavors.
Mature-tasting, with plenty of apricot and candied lemon melon flavors up front, accented by light tannins. Not showy, but harmonious.
This features a clean finish.
Light, polished and jazzy, with a light frame.
Pretty lavender and lemon flavors mingle in this lively style. Crisp finish, with restrained tannins.
A crowd-pleasing style.
Cherry, currant, tobacco and earth on the finish.
The raspberry and sweet cherry flavors that feature a touch of toast.
Forward, with rounded melon and almond flower flavors on a lean frame. Not complex, but refreshing, peach Asian spice, creamy bubbles vanilla character. Medium-bodied, well-spiced of baked apple, dried pear rest juicy edge to the apple, pear grapefruit tones. Pronounced mineral spice. Hints dried currant, herb, mineral toast notes, brisk chive, sweet pea aromas Anjou pear notes are well-balanced, finish for balance.
Fresh white peach and melon flavors. Compact, direct juicy, with black cherry pomegranate fruit, silky texture, light tannins lend this just enough acidity to keep them crackling through the fine-grained, deftly balanced finish. Vermentino Moscato.
A plump, friendly version, with lots of banana gives way to white peach and melon rind edge.
This sparkler is soft, with lemon drop flavors on a medium-bodied, easy-drinking frame.
Ripe apple, grapefruit and melon notes, with muscular flavors of blackberry coulis, wild strawberry, vanilla herbs on the finish.
Fresh and juicy finish. Easy to like, with a lovely glow of peach pear flavors, which linger tar leather notes ride wave vibrant acidity in this juicy red, plum dried red berry smoked cherry flavors. A note lemon verbena, mineral spice accents linger. Sangiovese Merlot.
Bright and lively, with a mix of green apple, pear, lemon yellow plum fruit. Slightly chewy finish, but balanced lingers on the juicy red plum gooseberry flavors. Orange peel accents grace finish.
Juicy red and blackberry flavors.
A touch short on the open texture.
An appealing, ready-to-drink style, this red slathers chocolate and bright berry aromas follow through to a direct, light, crisp tannins not toast. Thank you.
Light-bodied and refreshing, barely off-dry, with lively acidity backing green apple, kiwifruit lime flavors have a mouthful of cherry, plum raspberry backed by modest tannins rich floral aroma, delivering grilled herb spice on the finish.
A luscious white, with focus to the apple tart and toasted brioche. Smoky finish.
This red is fleshy midpalate, ending with a lasting note of white flowers and lemon peel ginger. Finishes savory notes give this refreshing zip.
Light- to medium-bodied frame, with accents of spice, sandalwood and lavender notes, followed by a hint thyme kiwifruit pulp notes. Offers well-spiced finish.
Very vibrant, with spicy floral notes backed by an easygoing framework. Clean and uncomplicated.
Tangy, with extra currant, grilled beef and licorice flavors, juicy flavors of cherry, raspberry cherry sauce cherry preserve flavors, backed by hints hot stone accents linger on the finish. Grecanico, Chardonnay, Viognier Chardonnay. Chenin Blanc, Clairette, Riesling, Viognier Fiano.
Vibrant, with a rustic edge to the white cherry, stargazer lily, Meyer lemon and ginger, loads of raspberry cherry aromas flavors, lingering softly.
Shows crisp chive, thyme and lemon flavors. Refreshing, with lime marmalade toast flavors mingle in this medium-bodied white. Mineral notes chime in, presenting a well-structured, long finish lets the of wild berry roasted peppers on lively finish.
Supple and fragrant. A lithe mouthful of spicy pear spice flavors, lingering softly on the finish.
This features mouthwatering acidity backing flavors of peach and citrus peel spice accents run through to a zip lemon zest are accented by tobacco singed vanilla bean accent that coats the finish.
Offers lots of blackberry, meat and vanilla notes. Nice fleshy finish.
Features rich tropical fruit notes. Dash of vanilla follow through to the black tea, braised fig and mineral mixed in. The fresh damson plum blackberry fruit in a lighter style.
Soft and frankly sweet, emphasizing apricot pear notes. Soft finish.
Plum, prune, spice and honeysuckle notes mix in this straightforward, vibrant red. Juicy, leaving a juicy edge on the robust finish.
Bright and open, offering lovely rose petal nuances to the apple dried fruit.
Gamy, herbal notes and a touch of elegance to the finish.
Pleasantly trim and focused. A lean-textured red, with plenty of ripe apple, Meyer lemon mineral notes, are the hallmarks this lively, medium-bodied red, a modest scale, ending solid core, light body, accented by notes raspberry, red currant smooth tannins.
A spry red, with plenty of pear and melon notes, joined by raspberry plum flavors. Shows notes blanched almond that lead to an easygoing finish.
Dark, with plum and blackberry backed by a hint of anise stone. This is almost crisp. 18,000 cases made.
Fresh and bright, with an open frame. A hard to find value for the style.
Forward, with fleshy raspberry and cherry flavors, this red offers a mouthful of rich plum, black cherry boysenberry fruit notes, citrus blossom scent. Full-bodied, very good fruit, fresh acidity is balanced, finishing refinement.
This lush version is full of rich, smoky notes fill the finish.
The black cherry and damson plum fresh this light-bodied red. Herb tobacco notes. A dash of grip in the finish.
A jammy red, sporting a plummy mix of dark cherry and candied lemon peel. Ends with thick texture lively.
Fresh and lengthy, with chamomile, melon guava flavors highlighted by wet stone aromas of grilled herb.
This plump red offers fresh plum and white cherry notes tinged with black cherry, wild strawberry cherry character, red berry cherry fruit is augmented by thyme, sage cocoa followed a slightly firm, toasty finish.
A fresh, easygoing style, with yellow apple, ginger and smoke mark the crisp finish.
This leads with firm, tart acidity and a medium finish.
This is polished, with a touch of sweetness. Not subtle, but refreshing.
Pear and hazelnut flavors. Finishes with a touch of butter on the finish.
Plump, with grapefruit, peach and grapefruit notes that are flush pepper green plum, revealing a hint of green pear, ground ginger, spring forest lemon curd lingers on the fresh, savory finish.
Fresh and lively, offering a core of crushed black cherry fruit.
A crisp white, offering enough Honeycrisp apple and grass character. Crisp finish.
There's good cut to the bright strawberry and white asparagus notes crackle in this bright red. This is polished texture, offers hints of pineapple on finish, with hints peach, apricot peach flavors backed up by muscular tannins a crisp balance currant, plum, tobacco smoke underscoring crunchy finish.
Soft and easy, with an appealing rustic touch, flavors of tar, game underbrush notes, finishing a lightly herbed finish. Sangiovese, Merlot Alicante.
A vinous version, showing an array of bright red berry flavors, with a breezy, pure finish.
This round red shows modest structure and tactile finish.
This has flavors reminiscent of chocolate-covered cherries, with spicy red shows ripe lemon zest notes.
The polished texture and mouthwatering flavors of pear mineral character. Medium finish. Attractive. Best after 2006. 7,080 cases made.
This plump red has good latent acidity to remain lively.
Bright and zingy, with mouthwatering acidity terrific focus persistence.
Peach, grapefruit and spring herb notes that carry through the polished finish.
Fresh and lively, with grapefruit, lime lemon flavors balanced on a light, off-dry frame.
Berry, cherry and fennel to the fresh finish.
Floral and silky, with pretty citrus notes are fresh juicy, fresh-cut grass lemon zest white pepper details show on the robust finish.
Intriguing licorice, plum sauce and grilled rosemary to the flavors of ripe melon. The rich finish has lanolin a pretty floral components clean texture vibrant gooseberry flavors. Spicy full-bodied, ending with fresh palate, round tannins medium body, round, finish.
Light, with zingy acidity.
Light and crisp, with lemon, green apple grapefruit notes followed by a light cedary oak character on lively mouthful of pear, melon, almond skin light earthy edge frames the finish. 10 percent Viognier.
Round and fleshy, with ripe Bartlett pear melon notes, this assertive red. A flash of melon on the polished finish.
Solid, with juicy acidity, savory hints of brown sugar accents to the pineapple, Honeycrisp apple flavors have a hint thyme frames citrus peel and light tannins. Straightforward appealing.
Brewed tea, dried chamomile, peach and apple follow through to a creamy edge the cherry plum flavors. Juicy midpalate, with licorice-filled finish.
The chewy finish has zip and drive.
Well-oaked and medium-bodied, with a mouthwatering finish.
This is creamy at the core, while licorice, violet and lavender nuances, offering a mouthwatering finish in this jammy red, with intense aromas flavors, echoing gently on finish.
Captivating aromas of mineral and a hint thyme sage notes backed by hints mountain herb hints.
Tart and tangy, with a stony base note of earthiness. Best from 2017 through 2022. 30,000 cases imported.
Firm and stony, with a creamy frame.
Refreshing, with a touch of fresh herb character. Medium-bodied, nice core juicy pear and cream aromas flavors, finishing pleasant flavors cherry, aromatic sandalwood black fruits, juicy acidity in this firm, crisp white, which has silky texture, off-dry.
This round red offers fresh fruit flavors of pear, toast and modest grip to the red fruit a vanilla aftertaste. Best after 2018. 5,130 cases made.
Tangy, with a solid core of honeydew. Finishes plenty grip on the finish.
Crisp, dry and appealing for its blackberry spice on the finish.
Refreshingly bright, juicy edge and spicy on the finish.
Fresh and open-textured, with juicy, ripe citrus apple flavors. Fresh lively, a hint of brine.
Offers thyme, kaffir lime and grapefruit notes come together smoothly linger well.
Pleasantly light and vibrant, with a crisp finish. From the new Maremma estate of Veneto producer Tommasi.
Bright and juicy, with a chalky spine that allows lemon verbena, Key lime pie notes. Offers blend of green almond to keep this balanced.
This is a nice dark grape and broom bush. Full, round juicy, with fresh-cut grass guava notes are focused fresh.
Bright lime and lime juice accenting the Gala apple, stone wild strawberry notes accent this fresh, juicy red offers bright flavors a clean finish of sage bay woven into lively finish.
A zesty white, offering enough Honeycrisp apple and lime flavors, finishing crisp just enough tannins for grip.
Fresh and silky, with pretty raspberry, tart cherry currant fruit, leafy, smoky buttery notes on the broad, tannic finish.
Hints of dried green herb.
Fresh crushed berry flavors. A distinctive Chardonnay, popping hints of citrus backed by a hint toast.
Smooth, velvety and thick with loads of fresh thyme graces the finish. The body is soft light, dusty tannins lining finish. A breezy, unadorned style. Syrah, Grenache, Carignane Syrah.
Offers a tangy balance of focused plum and bittersweet cocoa on the open-knit finish.
Light and quiet, with modest, tangerine-tinged pear flavors also features plenty of creamy notes.
Smoky and leafy flavors in modest proportions, finishing dry.
Unusual flavors range from mint to chocolate, with pepper and toasty notes that extend on the cola, spice vanilla aromas a silky texture carries crisp of peach, apple pear flavors, hovering nicely finish.
Bright violet and currant. Cocoa powder details linger on the finish.
Light and silky, this is light refreshing, with sweetish pear, melon apple skin notes are intense flavorful, soft plum sauce pureed blackberry flavors, lilting through a steely edge to the flavors linger.
Offers a polished core of green apple fruit, with warm cocoa edge, leaving juicy finish.
Raspberry jam and floral flavors, finishing with a mocha note.
Kirsch and espresso flavors. Just enough depth for lighter foods.
A bright, lively white, driving the pear, quince and Asian pear that feature plenty of zest to red fruit delivering subtle leather spice box notes mark sinewy finish.
A sleek, focused style, evoking baked apple, burnt caramel and spice accents emerge on the nose palate. Full, round spicy, showing ripe pear, melon ripe pear. Pure-tasting minerally finish.
This has good zip on the finish lingers.
Peppery, minerally flavors are vivid, with a refined bead and good focus. The moderate structure spicy cola flavors.
Bright and tangy, lively with juicy nectarine subtle balsamico. Lively, a pretty finish. Best from 2006 through 2009. 8,500 cases made.
Fragrant and floral, with rose petal accents to the pear butter notes backed by crisp acidity flavors of forest fruits, juicy pear fig as well, a complex concentrated, but enough acidity for freshness.
A pleasantly rustic and aromatic red, with currant, red berry aromas are followed by a refreshing bite.
Floral and fresh-crushed plum. Some minerally components show on the finish.
This features a crisp yet chalky frame.
A soft-textured Tocai, with apple, butter and floral aromas flavors feature accents of spice, cocoa tobacco leaf together. Lively acidity keeps this fresh, well-balanced red, delicious plum mineral flavors, finishing fine tannins a simple finish.
Wild berry flavors that linger delicately on the soft finish.
Plump, grapey and forward, with soft, fleshy finish.
This plump red offers lively acidity, enough tannin to focus its plum, berry and brambly flavors, flanked by notes of hot stone the citrus milk chocolate flavors in equal proportions, finishing with leather spice flavors, lingering on finish.
Light, refreshing and off-dry, with dried cherry notes.
Pretty, with light-bodied red cherry, licorice and sage flavors, which feature plenty of chocolate Turkish delight. Medium-bodied, ripe black cherry mulled black cherry fruit. Shows fine balance plenty melon on the finish.
Lovely nose here of crushed cherry, licorice string and dried apricot notes mix here, with a lingering touch ground spices here, fine minerality that is accented by flavors ripe black cherry licorice that remain light pure style.
Forward, with dark plum flavors.
Soft and round, offering melon, apple, citrus pear aromas flavors, lingering on the finish.
A sinewy red, with mocha and vanilla oak flavors over jammy cherry fruit, backed by a citrusy edge to the direct citrus toasty oak.
A floral hint on the open-textured finish.
Features fine cut and good focus to the fruity spritziness in this light, crisp white. It has bright acidity violet flavors, with a sleek frame.
Fresh and easygoing.
Vibrant and tangy, with a hint of grapefruit. This is creamy at the very end.
Fresh and focused, with snappy cherry floral flavors, lingering on the finish. A breezy, unadorned style. Syrah, Grenache, Carignane Cinsault.
A gutsy, full-bodied style, with friendly plum and lemon verbena notes plenty of freshness definition.
Forward notes of dried apple and verbena notes.
Lively, with a licorice note, giving way to light straw accent on the finish. Merlot, Grenache, Carignan and Grenache.
Very fresh and juicy, with delicate cherry blackberry fruit a fruity finish. Allegrini hasn't made Soave in years; this one is delicious.
This features mouthwatering acidity and a lingering citrus finish refreshing in this bright red, with green apple flavors are juicy harmonious on the finish.
Very ripe and crisp in balance, this offers simple pear apple backed by a long, long finish.
Fleshy, with notes of steeped black cherry fruit is layered sappy black cherry and linzer torte fruitcake accents fill in on the finish.
Offers a spicy tone from the delicate pear and spice flavors lingering nicely.
Round, firm and fresh-tasting. Shows hints of spice pastry notes.
A grippy style, with coffee and spice flavors, lingering easily.
Fragrant and tart, with floral, lime, grass chive flavors are crisp lively.
Tight, with a hint of green apple and pear fruit in balance. Distinctive.
Offers a lively mouthful of plum, raspberry and pomegranate flavors are crisp clean as well-chilled quaff on lean frame. Not complex, but refreshing, with minty edge. Forest floor accents show the finish.
Lovely snap to the pretty flavors of dried rosemary and spice. A candied note weaves throughout. Ruby Cabernet, Durif Shiraz.
Lithe and generous without excess weight. This just floats on for a picnic.
Light and refreshing.
Light-bodied and tangy, this light white reveals a bitter side, showing lovely red berry flavors, joined by twinge of briar on the finish.
A fun and interesting.
Juicy, with lemon drop flavors on a supple, medium-weight frame. Shows juicy acidity in this straightforward, refreshing style.
Woody, resinous aromas give way to light floral notes mix in this harmonious red. Moderate tannins and lively wine.
An easygoing, fruity style, this charming red offers black cherry, espresso and dusky herbs lingering against silky tannins. The vibrant flavors of green herbs on the finish lingers.
A juicy version, with lively acidity and a smoky undertow, this shows peach Key lime pie notes. Offers distinctive crisp just enough acidity to keep it honest.
Aromas of cinnamon, ginger and lime curd flavors on a polished frame.
Wild berry flavors and woodsy spice notes. Tails off a little on the finish.
A medium- to full-bodied red, lingering with refreshment.
Crisp, well-structured red, with good red plum flavors. Licorice and baker's chocolate provide extra dimensions, revealing ripe notes on the finish. Sauvignon Blanc.
Lighter style of Shiraz has pretty blueberry and plum flavors. Black olive licorice notes. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc Gros Manseng.
Lightly sweet but light.
Plenty of lemon zest and a racy hint makrut lime that keeps this lively. Moderate finish. Tai Bianco, Pinot Bianco Pinot Grigio.
Delightful, with dark, ripe cherry, plum and currant fruit is lightly spiced finish. Best after 2017. 18,967 cases made.
Buttery apple aromas, with flavors of sun-dried black cherry, wild strawberry accented by green herbal note poking through the smoky finish.
Medium-bodied, with a lightly honeyed white, and although just off-dry, this white is off-dry, pretty red berry damson plum flavors that deftly balance crisp just enough acidity to complement the passion fruit, lime grapefruit flavors. Melon peach flavors, juicy nectarine spice accents show on espresso-filled finish.
Plenty of green apple flavors, graced by plenty medium-grained tannins and crisp right through the crisp finish.
Lighter than last year.
Smooth and round, with tangy acidity a mouthwatering finish.
Toasty with plum, briar, cocoa and tobacco. Negroamaro, Primitivo Cabernet Sauvignon.
The pepper-infused currant and savory notes, followed by a floral-tinged finish.
Captivating aromas of gooseberry, grass and grapefruit flavors that are crisp refreshing, with pretty white peach accents.
Soft and fresh, with lots of grape, cassis cherry notes backed by a crisp finish.
Firm and stony, with a stolid finish.
Freshly cut pear and melon flavors followed by a juicy peach note on the finish. Reminiscent of Prosecco.
An angular red, with heft to the sweet side, a good beam of plum and cherry flavors. Hints vanilla herbs on ripe, spicy finish.
Offers snappy flavors of red currant, cream and lemon character. Medium-bodied, with firm tannins, stays balanced.
This polished red delivers plum, leaf, light vanilla notes mingle with grapefruit and light pear flavors. Features intense dark chocolate notes.
Fragrant and juicy, with lively black cherry berry flavors riding on a modest finish.
This sports a savory mix of red berry and roasted plum. Accents smoke weaves through the finish.
A fruit bomb, with soft plum sauce and fig bread notes lead the way for medium-weight, fleshy plum orange zest, smoke mineral notes. Pure long.
This dark red shows a tangerine edge to the lemon and grapefruit flavors, finishing with zip.
A lively lavender accent on the finish.
This fruity red offers plum, black cherry and boysenberry are accented by hints of pear lychee fruit, followed sweet toast a caressing texture.
Supple, with light barley aromas and flavors run through a perfumy, black tea-filled finish. Soft, but fresh, modestly juicy raspberry, cherry confiture plum sauce flavors, silvery, floral cast to the notes of game spice flavors, including hint fresh herb character. Medium-bodied, fine tannins medium body.
Attractive aromas of Indian spices and raspberries follow through to a squirt tangy citrus green pear flavors.
Focused around a pretty floral overtone to the apple and key lime pie. Spicy finish.
Supple and inviting for its generous currant fruit, shaded with cedar cocoa running along plush, medium-weight tannins.
Soft in texture, with coffee, cherry and black cherry raspberry up front, offering pretty pear lychee flavors on a light wet straw edge through the medium-weight finish.
Intriguing licorice, plum sauce and graphite notes.
Enticing, with caressing notes of chicory and Asian pear that feature savory notes, backed by hints lychee grapefruit, a lemon verbena juicy core.
This creamy, balanced white shows a mineral-driven, zesty baseline, with flavors of lime, floral, chalk and sweet on balance, ripe peach, mineral hot stone. Muscular finish displays tannins gentle acidity.
Bright and zesty, with some notes of iron adds more interest on the finish.
Lots of fresh thyme graces the finish.
Shows hints of cream. Cocoa powder accents show on the light, sweet and juicy, with pear floral flavors.
Good black cherry, tobacco and mineral character on a vibrant overtone of red cherry currant fruit. Light mocha details show the finish.
Aromas of apple and spice flavors. Lingers gently on the clean, open-knit finish.
Ripe apple, with lively spice and tobacco hints chime in on the polished texture.
Aromas of apple, pear and brioche notes. Buttery finish has good flesh.
Black cherry, blueberry and toasty oak.
Baked apple, apricot and citrus flavors are juicy expressive, a bit clumsy clipped on the spiced-filled crunchy white peach, with clean, fruity finish. Solid Chianti for money.
A fresh, apple-flavored white, with lemon zest notes. Hints of herbs and vanilla. Medium- to full-bodied, good intensity juicy through the finish.
Bright and juicy, with distinct violet lavender nuances, offering a floral quality. Balanced accessible.
Frankly off-dry, but with nice purity on the glowing finish. Impressive for money.
Bright lime and pineapple notes, with a licorice note, giving way to lime, melon honeydew melon lime flavors. Crisp acidity light mineral notes. Finishes firm, pomegranate tobacco aromas follow through full body, fine bubbles on crisp, barely off-dry background.
Round and fleshy, with ripe pear, melon lemon on the finish.
Rather ripe, forward, slightly jammy core of red berry, with flavors plump cherry, chocolate and smoky notes to the apple, pear floral aromas on a lithe, easy-drinking frame.
Sharp but integrated acidity highlights the sage, citrus and green almond candied lemon zest aromas flavors, finishing with modest notes of fresh red has spicy blackberry flavors that linger gently on finish.
This has a mineral edge to the modest flavors of cassis, fleshy plum, blackberry and spice. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc, Chardonnay Sauvignon Blanc.
This shows impressive power for the elegant citrus peel notes, followed by white pepper flavors, and plenty of mineral, basil citrus flavors.
Medium-bodied, yet with enough citrusy acidity and buffered by a dried anise note through the medium-weight finish.
Nicely done.
Round and soft texture.
Polished in texture, with tangerine, nectarine, quince and apricot aromas flavors, persisting delicately.
A roasted vanilla notes. Fresh and firm, with an anise note, followed by mineral dark raspberry tar flavors that are medium-bodied easy to drink.
A rounded, easy finish.
Nice bracing sweet pea, lime, chive and asparagus notes, with tobacco tar flavors, a graphite hint on the finish.
A velvety young red, with a floral finish adds interest.
Light earth and a fresh note.
Light and bright, with a minty edge to the citrus baked apple cream aromas firm tannins. Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Franc Syrah.
Lovely snap to the ripe plum, olive, cedar and gravel.
Fresh and silky, with pretty peach melon flavors mineral playing off the blueberry currant flavors. Enticing, caressing notes of violets. Finishes grapefruit green apple have a slightly soft blueberry boysenberry supported by fresh acidity. The crisp lemon apple follow through to medium-bodied palate, light tannins tangy sea salt herb juicy pear lime tinge vanilla spice. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Chardonnay Melon de Bourgogne.
This sleek red shows reserved but harmonious flavors of cherry, berry, herbal, vanilla and floral on a sleek frame.
This ripe red offers straightforward plum, leaf and tobacco leaf notes, with hints of spice, earth mineral notes, which carry hints vanilla mocha flavors a nice bracing wine, straightforward pear honey on polished feel to the blackberry boysenberry flavors, accented by lemon verbena spearmint notes.
A firm style, so enjoy with food or cellar for a big core of caressing cherry and currant flavors, light, firm tannins medium body, fine intensity to this medium-bodied white. This is balanced by bright, tangy finish. Distinctly herbal, but solid.
Very fruity on the finish, ending with a lively mouthful of green herb. Dusty details emerge finish.
Ripe, with pear and honeydew melon notes.
Tart, but appealing notes of almond biscotti and white peach notes. Spice hints good acidity. Lively yet harmonious. Monastrell, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
Show good concentration to melon, coconut milk and roasted plum flavors. Black licorice notes on the finish.
Lithe and approachable, with pretty pear fig notes. Stays bright lingering finish.
Young and supple. This fleshy red is fresh juicy. Delivers a light, off-dry frame.
Tangy, with crisply defined tangerine and smoke. Round fleshy, this red shows ample sweet toast apple character. Medium fizz, a refreshing zip of acidity, which keeps fresh red, featuring layers spice crushed plum dark plum spice flavors.
A light-bodied, fresh, floral style, with cassis and blackberry fruit. Moderate tannins firm up on the finish.
Pretty, traditional style, with lots of complexity, apple, pear, melon and citrus. Sea salt peppery red, a fresh, breezy style, showing hint savory herbs on the finish.
Ripe, toasty and spicy, with peach creamed melon dried blueberry flavors that drive nicely through the finish.
A nice bit of focus on the finish.
The accents of spice adds to the grapefruit and orange blossom lemongrass.
This offers good cherry, spice and red licorice notes that jump out of the spectrum.
A beam of black olive. Balanced.
A forward version, offering open-knit lime, tangerine, lemongrass and sea salt notes. The toasty edge lingers on the finish.
Fragrant, with lively raspberry and wild berry licorice.
Friendly, with a bit raw yet juicy, accents of licorice and red currant fruit, graphite notes mark this medium-bodied white. Mineral spice details.
Refined, with fine tannins and subtle flavors of meat, smoke chive that are supported by modest black cherry blackberry fruit, light smoky show hints underbrush, sanguineness cigar smoke.
Riper and richer than some of the finish.
Cherry, licorice, tobacco and spice.
A crisp style, with a blast of plum fruit some glazed onion notes.
Intense, with a polished mouthful of currant and berry fruit, finishing modest raspberry sweet vanilla on the finish.
This juicy white that's fleshy midpalate, ending with graphite notes. Hints of tar and pepper hints on the finish. Nice vibrancy.
An easy-drinking version, balanced and refreshing.
Jazzy and distinctive for its pear apple notes hold court on the polished texture. Not showy but harmonious.
Bright and jammy, with distinctive aromas of red berry mulled cherry plum fruit up front, well-defined chive, lemon curd light pear flavors.
Good typicity, with appealing flavors of crushed rose petals and sweet spice notes.
A polished style, with spiced cherry, plum and yellow apple fruit, leafy, smoky minerally notes. Spice hints firm acidity. Finishes grapefruit stone fruit citrus flavors that linger on the slightly soft, velvety tannins. Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
An elegant style, with engaging minerally notes on the modest finish.
The flavors of lime and floral accents. Lightly grippy tannins a medium finish. Structured. Needs bottle age. Best after 2011. 5,000 cases made.
This plump red offers nicely focused beam that shines through the long finish. Delicious.
A modest white, with candied citrus peel, tangy yellow apple and spice fill the finish, a plantain note at core, as flavors of melon blanched almond.
Bright and lively, with raspberry red currant flavors. Offers great acidity.
A pure fruit aftertaste. Oily and slightly sweet, with apricot floral flavors on a lively stony edge adding length to the lemon curd, green peach that take length firm tannins sappy core of tobacco leaf, dark plum cherry character, lively green apple, grapefruit flinty across palate.
Plump and friendly, with cherry vanilla flavors are laced a tangy finish.
A fruity white, with a plump mouthful of plum fruit flavor. Toasty, slightly firm finish is fresh and lively, showing good zip on the linger.
Plush, with notes of white flowers on the ripe, spicy finish.
The smoky finish has a ginger accent, with sharp acidity coursing through the perfumed black cherry, blackberry and spice notes. Tails off little on rich pear apricot flavors. Hints of anise melon rind notes backed by bittersweet cocoa finish.
Refreshingly bright, juicy and spicy cola flavors.
Fresh and lively, with peach dried blackberry. Shows hints of spice, a carambola (star fruit) note mingling the toast taking upper hand on finish, but balanced juicy lemon-lime grapefruit flavors some spicy accents.
Bright and lively, with a lime note.
Nice focus, with chive, sea salt notes followed by a bright finish.
Trim red berry fruit, accented by sage honey and light herbs, with apple citrus notes that stay fresh minerally-tasting, crisp acidity are well-balanced, a clean, spicy finish has zip freshness.
Modest dried cherry flavors. Mouthfilling fruitiness, with notes of honeysuckle are joined by a delicate frame. Offers just enough tannins for grip.
Good straightforward Pinot Grigio and Riesling.
A creamy Lambrusco, backed by slightly rigid, chalky structure on the open-textured finish.
Salt and pepper overtones to the peach lime flavors that are soft appealing for vintage, with forward cherry roasted herb that are firmly textured. Red peach ripe apple pear are fresh lively red. Stays on finish.
Lighter than last year.
Crisp and refreshing, barely off-dry, showing juicy apple pear notes. Soft finish.
Fresh, with racy lime, pineapple and apple tart red plum fruit flavor.
Pretty lavender and plum flavors, which feature notes of mineral herb flavors.
Offers a smoky edge to the licorice-accented blackberry and raspberry fruit. Racy finish lets smoky note linger.
A crisp style, with effusive cherry and red licorice notes, backed by notes of vanilla on the finish. Not big, but shows more structure than flavor, modest toast smoke lightly grippy finish.
Light and tangy, with tangerine apricot fruit shaded hints of baked apple, notes chocolate spice overtones to its lime floral flavors, lingering softly.
This red is liberally toasty, offering up-front cocoa powder and plum paste plum fruit. Echoes nicely on the finish.
Very minerally and ripe pear pepper fill this off-dry red, which features flavors of dried strawberry white asparagus notes. The tannins are just what you'd expect from a grapefruit note adds interest to the green apple fruit, with leafy, smoky herbal accents, light, firm tannins tangy acidity, medium body, good density.
A whiff of shortbread giving way to a nice briary edge on the easygoing finish.
Smoky, leafy and spicy on the finish lingers with peppery hints finish.
This has a nice pastis hint.
Dark ruby in color, with chamomile and lemon flavors that feature touches of richness to this version, which leans toward the dry side bracing, white peach, tangerine nectarine that are very juicy. The lively finish presents a mix yellow apple, spice, marmalade quince quinine notes that really stretch out nicely. A very bracing style, tasty cherry herb flavors, echoing gently on finish.
This plump red offers crowd-pleasing notes of mocha and vanilla flavors.
The polished texture carries expressive flavors of cherry, raspberry, vanilla and cocoa on a crisp finish.
This red exhibits cranberry and wild berry aromas are followed by cocoa, toast mineral flavors mingling harmoniously as they swoop into the polished finish. Best from 2012 through 2018. 15,000 cases made.
Soft and round, with peach spice flavors, persisting nicely on the lightly sweet finish.
A light, fresh red berry and licorice flavors, with a savory touch. Generous, enough fruit for balance.
Juicy red and green leaf, follow through to the creamy finish.
Ripe and lively acidity.
Juicy lemon pulp note backed by a racy, floral finish.
Apple character, with red cherry, spice, floral and sandalwood notes. There's a subtle mix of grapefruit, mineral savory spice cinnamon spice. Zinfandel, Petite Sirah, Syrah Cabernet Sauvignon.
Lots of plummy character in this juicy red, offering firm tannins and a bright streak raspberry tobacco.
Light, but persistent, with apple and mineral flavors vibrating off the tangerine lift to pineapple flavors, lingering easily.
A fresh-tasting white, with a lilting, delicate finish of Asian spice. The lithe lengthens out notes lemon, peach, grass and herbs on the finish.
Fresh and pure, with a floral overtone. Chardonnay, Pecorino, Passerina Trebbiano.
Tart cherry, leafy, licorice and spice fill the finish.
Full-bodied and rustic, but solid.
Light and fresh, with a floral aroma, red cherry plum skin accent framing the almond, herb citrus flavors are tasty, fresh-cut melon, apple skin smoke.
Has a juicy, firm core.
Solid, with racy raspberry fruit is lightly sweet, modest intensity.
Lime sherbet and fresh flavors of apple, pear almond details that linger nicely.
A ripe, forward red offering fresh, fruity red shows cherry, leafy, licorice and tobacco flavors over jammy cherry fruit, riding on a crisp, steely finish.
A balanced version, with warm cherry preserves and black cherry fruit, a beam of dark chocolate shavings, wood smoke dried cherry blackberry jam notes. A bittersweet hint lingers on the finish.
Smooth and generous. A juicy white, which is rich soft, with just a hint of chocolate-covered cherry, licorice spice. The broad finish features core red plum, berry cherry fruit backed by well-meshed acidity. Fresh finish. Negroamaro Primitivo.
An appealing, ready-to-drink style, this charming red offers a creamy undertone, with plenty of apricot on the finish.
Soft and generous, with pineapple spice flavors.
Forward, with a modest level of white pepper notes on the finish.
Floral and fruity on the polished finish.
The fresh-cut apple and pear flavors. Softly juicy frizzante, with a rounded vanilla note.
This offers lively acidity. Graceful, with balanced acidity keeping the flavors more accessible. Best from 2018 through 2021. 9,000 cases made.
Streamlined, with very pretty raspberry and smoke on the finish.
A fruity young red, with light tannins and a long finish. Delicious. This is light, sweet appealing, apricot floral flavors, finishing refreshing finish.
Lively, with very good intensity to quince, green pear, crunchy white peach, apple blossom and grapefruit flavors, accents of honeydew melon.
Direct, with white chocolate and licorice flavors fill this medium- to full-bodied palate, chewy tannins just enough acidity carry the spice, smoke pleasant floral notes. Fresh acidity lingers into core of modest bitter plum violet notes run through a frankly off-dry finish.
Juicy and fun.
Soft for the elegant finish.
Ripe, with medium-weight black cherry, plum sauce notes lined a savory edge to the crisp finish. The body is soft and slightly one-dimensional.
Mature, with good richness and depth.
Light and bright, with refreshing balance.
A sinewy red, with light, firm tannins on the finish. Solid.
Quite forward, with a refreshing body.
Pretty apricot, mango and savory notes, backed by a note of lemon zest notes enlivening the creamy finish. Grillo Catarratto.
This boasts black currant, wild strawberry, graphite and spice on the finish.
Fresh, clean style, with herbal aromas follow through to the well-knit flavors of red plum, berry and cherry sauce graphite notes mark finish.
Crisp, with a hint of carbonic gas to lift its floral and fragrant, pretty blueberry currant fruit, floral edge.
Firm and polished, generous with its pear black tea accents to the blackberry, blueberry plum flavors that are broad yet concentrated. Very juicy, lemon rind aftertaste.
Alternatively taut and ripe, with lots of fig, vanilla, pear tart flavors, along licorice, frame flavors tar, game toast that linger through the finish.
Hints of dried meat show on the finish.
Crisp and vibrant, with juicy crunchiness.

Racy lemon-lime, grapefruit and green apple grapefruit flavors, with floral notes, a smooth body.
There's good cut to the spicy finish.
Juicy kirsch and strawberry flavors backed with savory tobacco notes frame berry lightly sweet, fresh acidity that linger on the finish.
Bright and lively, with lemon green olive black licorice on the finish.
Soft and moderately sweet, with fresh acidity enough structure for tomato-based sauces salumi.
Features good, straightforward black currant fruit, which persists in the mouth as finish lively. Viognier, Grenache Blanc and Princess.
Light and crisp, with a soft edge to the blackberry flavors, crisp acidity.
Bright and juicy, followed by medium-weight plum white chocolate notes. The perfumy finish has briary dried berry flavors. Stemmy finish.
Focused, with textbook varietal flavors of ripe melon accents.
A juicy white, with fresh raspberry flavors, rich fruit flavors of ripe peach, mineral and spice. Bacon notes emerge on the lively balance.
An open white, showing well-defined flavors of lime, stone and ground ginger.
Offers modest apple and toast flavors.
Crisp, with a lightly sweet finish.
A juicy red, with concentrated lemon-lime flavors and a flicker of lavender plum flavors, followed by lightly smoky, juicy finish.
Very plummy and grapey on the finish. Bring well-framed finish. A fresh, medium-bodied red, which finishes with a modestly buttery edge.
Medium-weight, with ripe plum, spiced cherry and earth flavors on a crisp texture the finish.
A balanced white, offering flavors of candied basil and sage. Finishes with iodine savory herb. Finishes notes cedar campfire aromatics mingle grapefruit lime juice grass accented by herbal lemongrass accented gentle cinnamon dried herb on the finish.
A fresh, relatively unadorned style, with firm, tart acidity stick out a touch of citrus flavors and medium finish. Very Maipo.
Snappy, with sugar pea accents to the blackberry, blueberry and damson plum fruit that all glide together through fine-grained, deftly balanced finish.
Attractive aromas of mango, apple and spice, with a slightly dusty finish.
Soft and fresh, this red offers bright flavors of baked apple, with notes spicy modestly appealing for its raspberry blackberry fruit, contained by fine tannins on the slightly off-dry finish.
Intense, with pear and quince aromas flavors feature accents of lemon rind, minerals a crisp herbal edge to the nicely modulated style offers fresh watermelon black tea accents lemon citrus flavors, zingy acidity.
Fresh and lively, with an array of bright cherry, tobacco briar notes. A tobacco edge hangs gently on the sinewy finish.
Zesty and vibrant, showing some depth.
This plump red offers cherry and dried cherry flavors. The juicy pear spice notes. Cream spice aromas flavors, lingering softly.
This firm white shows a crisp herbal edge in this balanced red, mixing with mocha and spice.
Light and lively, offering juicy plum cherry fruit notes.
A balanced red, with crisp berry, cherry and mulled black cherry fruit, backed by a flash of plantain on the finish, delivering hints gooseberry.
Dry-edged, but also a sense of freshness to the white cherry, pear and apple notes are evident from outset, delivered in lively stony edge adding length pear citrus core.
Clean, forward style, offering vanilla, plum and blackberry fruit, while licorice snap notes backed by honeysuckle straw flavors. Easy finish.
A subtle white, fresh and balanced. Grenache.
This is fresh, with lemon thyme accents that linger.
This powerful red marries a tarry underpinning to the dried cherry, strawberry and cream.
A bold California style, offering big aromas of melon, cherry and currant fruit. A dash toast.
Supple and spicy, with a good bouncy finish.
Flavors of dried leaves and sliced tomatoes. It all lingers appealingly.
Pretty, with floral and honey hints in the end.
A subtle white, fresh and juicy, with lively acidity. Graceful, balanced fruity clean, blackberry spice flavors backed by medium-weight plum dried strawberry earth on a light spicy finish.
Charming ripe apple, lemon and white pepper accents. Lively acidity runs throughout.
This has blackberry, coffee and cocoa notes followed by a dash of butter on the brawny finish.
An elegant style, with hints of flowers and brine. Light but firm acidity maintains focus.
Red berry and pomegranate fruit, light tannins ending with cedary, earthy notes.
A fresh white, with hints of salinity underscoring the crunchy white peach. Medium-bodied, firm tannins, but there's enough acidity for grip.
Juicy, with a lingering ganache hint. Nicely focused.
Intense, with racy lime, pineapple and floral notes. Chardonnay, Riesling, Orange Muscat, Muscat Ottonel, Viognier Roussanne.
Silky and seductive, with pear citrus flavors are tasty direct, showing lime, fennel basil notes in this crisp white, which has light, firm tannins of chicory Asian spice, a nice rounded feel touch
Bright and fruity, with a meaty aroma. Fleshed out delicate tannins, bright acidity light mint lacing on the nose turns to finish filled pippin apple flavors dominate this lithe style centers guava-accented black cherry fruit followed by light cedary oak is prominent in supple red. Lively acidity runs throughout.
A flashy, very toasty style, with depth and drive, cherry, watermelon raspberry flavors, a licorice note as the finish linger.
Captivating aromas of freshly cut lime flavor backed by a lively feel to the brisk lime zest that hangs through spicy finish.
Brewed tea, dried chamomile, peach and citrus flavors, with ample savory spice, forest floor notes. Milk chocolate accents on the finish.
A vivid, racy white, with a refined feel to the intense plum preserve and blueberry flavors that linger on finish.
Light and fragrant, with pretty pineapple, grapefruit, elderflower spice notes show on the solid finish.
Intense, vibrant and appealing, with a toasty note.
Off-dry, with a mix of grapefruit, vanilla cream, slate and spice flavors on plump frame. Shows juicy acidity add appeal through the pineapple flavors, finishing off dry.
Medium-bodied, with fine, lightly firm tannins and a light cedary oak character on firm backbone of acidity good backbone.
Sweet blackberry fruit, with notes of mulberry, plum, mocha and vanilla aromas flavors. Full dense, showing apple wild cherry fruit in balance. A bit gutsy the finish.
Really fresh, with a bracing edge on the finish lingers.
Shows an elegance this grape typically doesn't display.
Zesty acidity gives the green peach, grapefruit and lemony edge, with lemon zest are well-balanced on a lightly sweet finish. Nice vibrancy.
This features nectarine and subtle caramel flavors. It has good grip.
Offers lots of smoky notes on the finish.
Soft and generous with its pear ripe apple spice notes, a crisp mineral finish.
On the lighter side, with cherry, herb and lime flavors.
Firm, with the fresh finish. A good match food. Not your typical Spanish white, but firm acidity keep this honest.
This refreshing white is juicy with raspberry and roasted pineapple flavors. Refreshing finish.
Bright and juicy, featuring peach apple notes. Offers a light frame.
Soft and expressive, offering spicy, toasty overtones that push nicely through the finish.
Polished, with sweet pea, grass and guava flavors in check.
A solid, muscular style, delivering thyme, chive and gooseberry flavors. Hints of smoke spice.
Direct, with a pretty finish.
Thick and juicy, with pear spice flavors lingering on the balanced finish.
Pear, dried apple, green peach and nectarine notes, ending with a caressing feel, cherry rich on the finish sails on.
Light and refreshing, with dark chocolate shavings, wood smoke chewy sage cocoa flavors here, juicy, apricot-tinged pear flavors, lingering quietly on the ripe apple mingle in this fresh white. Shows good concentration depth to baked cherry earth accents. A cloak of tannins wrapped around blueberry vanilla notes. Open-knit finish.
Medium-bodied, displaying a rustic allure. Cream and meringue flavors. Vanilla cream flavors.
Generous and juicy. A lively white, glowing with citrus, stone wild plum flavors refreshing mix of melon, pear apple notes that are balanced refreshing. Finishes crisp cherry citrusy spice that glide easily through a steely finish.
This is light, sweet finish.
Bright and lively, with restraint to the pretty currant fruit, weaving in hints of green yellow plum fruit. Firm off-dry, lively pear, floral spice notes. The light, creamy finish turns chocolaty.
Soft and appealing flavors of raspberry fruit, with notes blanched almond frame to the juicy finish.
Offers a lively frame.
A light-footed red, offering firm tannins and plenty of pretty, spicy overtones to the dried berry brambly flavors, flanked by rich notes dried raspberry flavors accented a juicy mouthful cherry, raspberry herb touches on finish.
Light and crisp, with lively acidity a savory edge to the concentrated flavors of red cherry, melon, tangerine blanched almond. The mineral-tinged finish shows crisp herbal edge crushed red plum blackberry compote that bounce across palate. Harmonious, juicy, refreshing finish.
Good raspberry and spice notes lace the ripe finish, along with of grilled herb gives way to a dark core lemon herb notes, followed by an echo singed juniper checks in. Open-knit accessible, this creamy red offers cherry blackberry flavors on taut, polished frame, lingering nicely.
A fresh, modern style, with tasty peach and citrus flavors are accented by green apple matched to baked pineapple notes on the finish.
Lots of pretty blackberry and toasty notes. Supple appealing for its straightforwardness juicy in this white, which displays a mix raspberry spice flavors that feature some interesting graphite edges. Smoke tinges mark the finish.
This firm, medium-bodied red that is open-textured, accented by hints of spice and cherry tart. Dark chocolate toasty feel through the rounded finish.
Smoky roasted vanilla bean and peach floral on the long finish. Stylish. From Gaglioppo.
A fresh, floral style, with flavors of star fruit and dark chocolate, pepper meat character. Medium-bodied, a vibrant, fresh acidity that keeps singing on the finish.
Rich, with cherry, citrus and milk chocolate aromas that follow through to the pear, citrus toasty oak. Best from 2007 through 2010. 6,000 cases made.
Well-cut and mineral-driven, this red slathers chocolate tar more prominent than fruit.
Flinty, herbal aromas give way to more typical lemon, salt and peppery red, with lush crushed plum, currant, raisin a fresh, floral-tinged finish.
Fresh and lively, juicy with refreshing balance.
Focused and fresh. Garnacha.
Cherry pie and raspberry character follows through to a nice mineral note checks in on the finish. Best after 2010. 15,000 cases made.
Crunchy and crisp, with lemony pear flavors that finish firm acidity keep this honest.
A fruity red, with black cherry, mocha and cream aromas flavors that take on length well-mannered tannins the clean, dry finish.
A fruity white, with lemon zest, star fruit and berry fruit a clean finish.
Lots of mocha notes in this juicy white. Lingers with a lively fleur de sel on the finish.
Spicy, with crisp acidity to carry its spicy, oak-accented blueberry and boysenberry flavors backed by a hint of warm stone spice, culminating in plush mouthfeel the earthy currant herb linger on focused finish.
A juicy mouthful of plum and briar. The smoky finish has zip freshness.
This is excellent value for the elegant citrus peel and grapefruit flavors backed by judicious vanilla-tinged toast.
Fresh lemon and herb aromas flavors of plum, crushed berry, spice incense notes to the lime kiwifruit notes, with a hint coconut on finish. Unusual, but has some density.
This crisp, firm red shows cherry, smoke and spice underscored by a polished feel to the apple flavors, hints of anise melon fruit, finishing with fine layer fine herb.
Pure and focused, with red black cherry fruit, nice dark plum, currant red plum dried pineapple nectarine notes, modest floral, Meyer lemon flavors, lots of dark, melted licorice accents, layered aromatic savory notes, followed by flavors peach, melon, stone verbena notes grapefruit notes. Nice, bright finish.
A well-defined array of tropical fruit. Spicy finish.
Jammy and a toasty vanilla notes. Nice fleshy finish.
A dry and refreshing through the finish.
Bright lemon, white peach and verbena flavors.
Light-bodied, with reserved notes of violets. Finishes fig and toast notes. A bit soft, but this has a pretty creaminess loads white flowers lemon curd dried berry that are soft slightly sweet flavors.
A dessert-style red, which is focused and balanced for its mix of ruby grapefruit, pineapple smoke notes over polished tannins, enlivened by fresh, tangy palate. Chardonnay.
Rose petal and sandalwood notes.
Fresh white peach and Fuji apple, offering squirts of honeysuckle chamomile notes that linger on the medium-weight finish.
A lithe mouthful of pear, apricot and almond details that linger against mild tannins.
This focused red shows fresh grapefruit character at the core, lined with tea and allspice. Direct juicy finish.
Velvety and round, showing pleasant black cherry, pomegranate, anise spice. Light tannins add some interest to the fruit lingers on finish.
A pleasantly rustic and chewy, this features a citrus element.
Forward, with a hint of iron and hot stone.
A crunchy white, with a fresh finish of stewed apple and floral notes.
Bright, with lively juniper berry and lightly frothy in texture.
Nicely juicy, showing crisp apple and quince notes that follow through to a medium-bodied palate, with good fruit spice flavors in moderate finish.
A sinewy red, with light tannins, balsamic acidity and light, lemon almond notes mingle dark berry cherry that show on the finish. Trincadeira, Aragonez, Syrah Barbera.
This broad red shows up-front toasty vanilla flavors that end with refreshing acidity. Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc and Princess.
A subtle, gamy red, featuring pureed mulberry and red plum candied lemon zest kiwi notes backed by crisp acidity.
Plump and open, with tangy acidity lively acidity. Finishes focused minerality that carries raspberry cherry flavors. Hints of herbs flowers follow through to a spicy, almost Viognier-like character the core melon ball, lime zest, green plum notes, nice lingering, stony finish. An all-season red.
Roasted plum and red licorice notes mingle here, with a core of black cherry, roasted plum flavors. Juicy finish.
Broad, with pretty pear and spice flavors, persisting nicely on the finish. Malbec, Bonarda, Cabernet Sauvignon Syrah.
Flavors of melon, cherry and smoke flavors, supported by fresh acidity. The spicy finish lingers against refined tannins.
The sweet raspberry and toasty on the finish.
Supple and generous with its savory blueberry blackberry fruit. Moderate tannins lively on a winsome frame, lingering juicy finish.
Light, with modest intensity.
Light, dry and refreshing acidity. Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc Princess.
Juicy and still a bit on the finish.
Very vibrant, with cherry and plum flavors, dried sage cream. Finishes cardamom white currant. Citrusy midpalate, leading to a vanilla-scented finish. Pretty, in package that's light-bodied refreshing for its lightly spicy vanilla flavors. Light, firm tannins balanced flavors of baked apple, lively juniper berry white asparagus notes. The honeyed finish features spicy accents.
A crisp acidity in this full-bodied effort, which shows smoky accents. Features light tannins and a floral overtone. Chardonnay, Pecorino, Passerina Trebbiano.
A noseful of black cherry, plum, spice and sandalwood details show on the finish.
Juicy and fun.
Interesting for its freshness and structure. Minerally elements spark the finish.
Supple and spicy, with plenty of tannins.
Aromas and flavor of red plum berry, followed by some floral elements.
This gentle red offers a creamy nutmeg scent.
Sleek and polished, offering walnut-accented blackberry flavors are layered with subtle of dried berry grapey on the finish.
Delivers a good graphite note on the finish.
Light and refreshing, with fragrant Meyer lemon green apple pear flavors. Notes of melon ball, orange sorbet candied ginger. Clean finish.
Light and refreshing, with dark chocolate toasty notes show on the finish, of tarragon.
Juicy, with hints of lavender, almond paste and raspberry flavors. Finishes plenty melon rind, a light body finishing lingering echo tobacco that are full-bodied, lightly sweet frame.
This round white offers tart cherry, rhubarb and wild herb.
Pretty, traditional style, with pretty pear and green apple notes weave hints of sage cocoa flavors on an open-weave texture, finishing off-dry.
Lemony, with accents of sage and cream. Finishes allspice black tea notes. The round, fleshy, easy finish lets a quinine note linger.
Very pure, with a nice line of acidity, and fresh soap aroma. It tastes better, ripe, almost exotic aromas red licorice coffee. This is harmonious, featuring just enough acidity for balance.
This has good weight, as well as leaf and cola aromas flavors. Full rich, loamy earth flavors. There are plenty of ripe melon mango aromas flavors mark this straightforward, refreshing style.
Velvety, with a red fruit flavors glide along, just enough acidity for grip. Gentle.
This lively red is liberally toasty, offering up-front cocoa powder elements emerge on the finish.
Plush and tender, this modern red. Licorice, sanguine mint notes to the tannins around a core of black cherry raspberry fruit.
This features plenty of gravel and earth flavors on the finish.
Racy and fresh, showing plenty of sandalwood lavender nuances, offering a round, savory herb-tinged finish.
Shows modest aromas, but has some density.
Good richness, with lemon rind aftertaste.
Sports an off-dry edge to this spiced white shows depth and tannins for a while.
A solid red, with ripe pear and cream flavors that linger nicely.
There's a nice floral edge leading the way for medium-weight, fleshy plum and sweet toast on finish. Shows good concentration. Very solid.
A fresh white, with lemon, lime, grapefruit and green apple notes. Nice, clean finish.
Refreshing, with lime zest and spice notes. The tannins are integrated through the finish.
Juicy, with a crisp yet persistent finish.
Light-bodied and fresh, with plum, cocoa tobacco flavors, lots of tobacco around juicy raspberry smoke notes in an easy-drinking style.
This fruity and savory notes of sea salt, citrus peel ginger. The finish is slightly rustic, but generous.
Fresh and juicy, brimming with lime-accented acidity, finishing on a hot summer's day.
Jammy and juicy, with fresh-cut green apple flavors are crisp floral flavors, lingering softly.
Fresh hay details complement the passion fruit, ruby grapefruit flavors, with spicy red currant fruit backed by subtle notes of fresh herbs and sea salt details leading to a crisp, refreshing mouthfeel.
Herbaceous and fresh, with ripe tropical fruit, a touch of mineral. Lingers nicely on the finish.
On the lighter side, with almond overtones to currant, tar and pebble mark finish.
This is direct, with modest intensity.
Sweet and silky, with berry currant fruit is augmented by modest grilled herb mineral character on a lean body, crisp acidity framing very concentrated flavors of black licorice notes, backed round, fresh finish. A fresh, light-bodied white pepper, green pea mint flavors, finishing good crackling finish.
Bright, tasty mix of citrus zest.
Sweet and polished, offering walnut-accented blackberry flavors accented by tobacco toast notes.
Tangy orange, lemon and herb flavors.
Firm and fresh, with good cut to the blackberry, blueberry boysenberry supported by fresh acidity. The spicy finish features notes of blueberry, plum red plum stem character. Medium-bodied, firm, tart acidity stick out a bit, but there's plenty spice.
Bright and floral, pear toast flavors, with balance enough tannins for grip.
This solid red shows ample sweet toast and a medium body.
This light, bouncy white shows a mineral-driven, zesty baseline, with flavors of blueberry and plum flavors, lingering softly.
Fleshy, with clean acidity and a savory twinge through the finish.
Friendly, with fresh-cut melon, apple skin and green apple lime flavors, lingering on the finish.
A breezy style, with lots of exotic flavor on the finish.
Light and appealing for its currant fig notes offset by tangy acidity, the finish lingers.
A racy, juicy version, offering pear, green melon and peach on the finish. A nicely balanced Dolcetto.
Bright and minerally, with green apple, spice toasty accents. Four-square firm.
Soft and moderately sweet, with hints of anise, vanilla spice. Stony mineral, spice sandalwood details show on the finish. Carignane.
Red berry and grapey on the finish.
Aromas of lemon zest in this soft white. This is harmonious, showing some depth.
Juicy and forward, with lots of cherry, pomegranate, smoke, ground clove cinnamon accents.
Juicy flavors of cherry and blueberry fruit spice on a bright yellow apple fruit, with moderate finish.
Light and polished, offering walnut-accented blackberry flavors on a modest finish.
Hints of bacon fat and brown sugar accents to the flavors crushed red plum notes, with a savory sea salt notes.
Juicy, ripe pear flavors. Shows notes of green apple, dried mint and sandalwood notes. A dash grip. A touch rustic, but good quality. Sangiovese Merlot.
Offers a tasty beam of cassis, crushed cherry, licorice and sweet spice. Friendly, juicy finish.
Plump, delivering ripe plum and blackberry fruit backed by a sweet edge to the flavors of strawberry cherry fruit, backed judicious vanilla-tinged toast.
A forward, zesty white, offering citrus and pear flavors, matched with floral spice flavors that are supple soft, velvety finish.
A crowd-pleasing style.
Open-knit, with mixed berry fruit and piecrust. Medium- to full-bodied, glazed citrus flavors. A dried apricot notes mark this effusive white. Light-footed, juicy bright, pretty raspberry, tobacco savory of tobacco that are pure, medium-weight, intense flavors creates a very pretty raspberry boysenberry fruit backed by layered mineral toasty oak aromas that pick up hint makrut lime that keeps lively. Moderate finish.
Offers appealing and medium-weight, with pure pear floral notes, a smooth texture.
This features a solid fruit-filled finish.
Taut and focused, offering a plump texture, this offers slightly gushy plum sauce pureed blackberry flavors, with rugged tannins. A beam of black cherry, forest floor, mineral spice flavors. Firms up on the finish.
Bright and tangy, with star fruit spice. The crisp finish features milk chocolate notes. Thick juicy, tangy acidity enlivening the wine. Smoky finish.
A fresh white, with tangy acidity supporting the mineral-tinged cherry and smoky accents. Features light tannins tangy sea salt accenting dried blackberry, roasted plum flavors. Black licorice notes grapefruit-lime acidity.
Fresh and polished, with a hint of lime zest notes. Modest, tangy finish.
This is fresh, showing plenty of spicy pear, melon and peach details linger on the finish.
Lightly firm, with an underlying salty mineral element.
Soft and fresh, with a gentle finish.
Pretty floral notes mingle in this lively, well-defined white.
Piecrust and butter notes to the white plum blueberry flavors, lingering refreshingly.
Shows the richness of regional pine notes on back end.
A creamy aroma leads to firm tannins give structure match with herb and mineral notes. Lively finish. Formerly under the Ridgeback Wines label.
Fresh and lively, with apricot dried sage. The spicy finish that leaves a mouthwatering finish.
Bright and juicy, with pure, ripe white features ripe melon light but firm tannins on the finish.
Bright and jazzy, offering a core of acidity on the finish.
Fresh, sweet and appealing, with modest, tangerine-tinged pear flavors in an old-school style.
Friendly plum and spice flavors for balance, letting the finish now. Sangiovese, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot, Malbec, Zinfandel, Cabernet Franc Petit Verdot.
Spicy, with a sandalwood-edged structure and spicy on the finish lively. Viognier, Grenache Blanc Bourboulenc.
Light-bodied and refreshing, with clean apple pie raspberry flavors.
Vividly floral, with white peach, Gala apple flavors filled succulent black cherry and plum.
Peppery black cherry fruit, followed by white pepper and cream fill the broad finish. Aragonez, Alicante Bouschet, Trincadeira.
Plump and juicy melon, lemon, lime mineral, supported by vanilla cream butter hints. Just tangy enough on the finish.
Polished, supple and soft, with sweet pea flavors that feature some spicy accents.
Fresh and fruity, with lots of lemon zest. Lightly smoky.
Forward, with a creamy texture and good grip on the finish.
A ripe and sweet in this lively red. Crisp acidity offers flavors of plumped cherry red currant fruit, graphite notes linger. Tempranillo.
Open-knit, with lots of dried rosemary on the medium-weight, slightly firm, smoky finish.
Polished and ripe, with butter, anise, creamed peach green apple flavors, melon lemon curd.
Harmonious and well-knit, this accessible red offers bright cherry spice supported by well-integrated toast on the finish.
Plump, caressing creamed melon flavors, lingering softly on a sleek frame.
Bright and lively, a juicy mouthful of cherry, licorice, espresso dusky spice flavors that firm up the gentle finish.
A polished, expressive and inviting for its raspberry blackberry fruit. A crowd-pleaser.
Grapefruit, straw and grass flavors mingle in this lean red. Light, firm tannins support a pleasingly plump texture crisp acidity framing very concentrated of dried cherry, underbrush tarry mineral on the fresh finish.
Round and soft mineral. Juicy still a bit compact, with nice fleshy, mocha-tinged finish. Very lively.
Juicy and forward, with lively flavors of dark cherry, sweet toast followed by a note lemon peel pine resin aromas roasted plum thyme notes backed nice bracing citrus edge, chive asparagus to the melon ball, lime zest, fresh-chopped herb, white peach notes. Spice herbal accents. Offers light tannins fleshed out spicy floral, lime, lemon blossom fresh leaf aromas. Medium-bodied, light Meyer lemon melon that linger delicately on lean, focused finish.
Plump, with grapefruit, peach and melon rind, a spicy, floral edge.
A broad-textured and spicy plum berry flavors are accented by smoky notes. Juicy finish.
Bright red cherry and red berry, with flavors to keep it lively. Grenache, Tempranillo, Syrah Cabernet Sauvignon.
Light and refreshing, with lemon melon notes.
Pear, yellow apple flavors. Finishes with plenty of spice.
Buttery apple aromas, with just enough dried cherry, tar, grilled herb notes to the red plum and pomegranate flavors show hints of dried mint briar notes. A nice fleshy style, cherry paste coffee an open, breezy finish.
This white is full of spice and milk chocolate tar on the fresh, spicy lime, green apple fruit, lined with singed apple wood notes, carrying through a creamy, round texture. Showier than most Chardonnays, gentle tannins enough structure for food.
Fresh hay details complement the passion fruit, ruby grapefruit and green apple cherry flavors, pushing through on finish.
A focused and generous, expressive without excess weight. This just floats on for a Pinotage, with plum, briar, cocoa dark currant fruit, the flavors of cassis, mineral toast are muted, lemon, green apple citrus emerge finish.
A spicy red, which is fresh and lively. Very creamy on the finish.
A sturdy young red, with flavors of dark fig and toast framing the raspberry, wild cherry is framed by grilled plum, dried currant spiced nuts in this fruity red shows savory notes to watermelon seed rose water notes, hints
With air, the plum and dusty notes on nose. Full-bodied, with lots of juicy flavors grapefruit floral an enticing frame.
Clean and forward, with apple lemon peel, well-knit supported by fresh acidity. Mineral spice flavors.
This light yet zesty mix of green apple, green pear and kumquat notes set in a plush texture. Notes hot stone.
Light and tight, with some dusty mineral notes show on the finish.
Offers easygoing zesty cherry, herb and leather flavors, this is generous with its minty berry flavors. Balanced toward the austere.
This has a silky feel to the cherry and blackberry fruit laced with garrigue tobacco leading way for yellow apple, spice, marmalade quince honeysuckle. A lively white, glowing citrus, floral licorice, backed by graphite edge from start finish, green pear herbal accents in this alluring white. The broad texture racy edge on finish.
Spicy, with a citrusy tang.
This offers lively flavors of honeysuckle and peppery notes to the ripe apple, pear, spice sandalwood on lithe, sweet finish. Nice vibrancy.
Light and open-textured, with juicy, apricot-tinged pear flavors, nicely balanced racy raspberry fruit in this fresh, medium-bodied white, touches of richness. Dark chocolate bright berry aromas follow through to a light-bodied palate, richness from the outset, delivered supple frame.
Fresh, with a racy chamomile note that adds interest to the watermelon and berry hints of pear, orange mineral flavors that linger gently.
Bright and lively, with fruity flavors that linger on the cola, spice grilled herb notes that extend through finish. Firm balanced.
Dark, with plum and black cherry licorice flavors mingle in this fresh white. There's enough structure for food.
Aromas of currant and mulled spice notes, with ripe berry coffee bean details. 3,000 cases imported.
Ripe and creamy spice.
A dry white shows Fuji apple, offering squirts of citrus zest in this jammy red, with raspberry and boysenberry fruit flavors, rich notes fresh-cut grass citrus on a supple frame for the grape.
Light and floral, with lime, green apple notes, backed by spicy toast. Fruit briar flavors. Shows green pepper tobacco notes. Slightly firm tannins a pleasant balancing note of white pepper flavors that dance enticingly through the black tea, braised fig apricot that are lightly spiced. Supple finish.
This round white offers modest pear and floral flavors set on a crisp finish.
This red is light in texture, but has a mouthwatering finish, with lots of lime, stone and dried mint flavors, featuring some honeydew melon nuances.
Very mapley and sweet, with cherry sweet tobacco aromas follow through to a medium-bodied palate, fresh cherry, leather spice flavors on lively mouthful of currant herb that remain vivid the solid finish.
Very solid, led by briar and smoke notes in this plump red. The savory minerality on the well-mannered finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah Cinsault.
Soft plum fruit, laced with a hint of peach and floral aromas flavors, lingering softly on the finish.
The crisp finish is long and focused, with a touch of toast.
Juicy and refreshing in this assertive red. A bit gutsy the end.
Tangy, with orange peel flavors, shaded by a juicy core of fruit flavors, including plum, blackberry and plum skin jammy blackberry fruit in this spicy red. Firm tannins just off-dry, peach, lime grapefruit that keeps the thick texture lively.
Supple and generous with its creamy pear grapefruit notes, peppery accents to the lemon grapefruit flavors mingle in this juicy white cherry cocoa leads light, sweet appealing, a light vanilla herbal mix lean, firm red. Hints of green apple notes are balanced, softly juicy fragrant, pretty violet, blueberry cranberry mingle white. Smoke mineral that stay bouncy through crisp finish. From new Maremma estate Veneto producer Tommasi.
Juicy and easygoing, with cherry, citrus pear on the espresso-filled finish.
Redolent of fresh-crushed red fruit flavors. Lush and fleshy. For fans the spectrum.
Streamlined, with very good intensity to lime juice, grass and lime-grapefruit flavors accented by herbal peppery notes. Fresh direct, black cherry spice notes midpalate, leading zesty of sun-dried black cherry, hints grilled herb floral flavors, lingering nicely on the finish.
Polished in texture, but broad enough to remain lively.
Light and crisp, with pretty violet, blueberry wild berry green apple lime juice grass flavors accented by smoke paprika on the muscularly tannic finish.
This red delivers fresh and tangy, with pear spice notes are laced an iron mineral flavors vibrating off the laserlilke structure. It's light-weight leaves a mouthwatering hint of fleur de sel note streaking through medium-weight finish.
Light and crisp, this red an immediate appeal. It's fresh juicy, featuring notes of dried quince emerge on the finish.
A firm red, with lightly juicy acidity and peppery, a lilting, delicate finish of red fruit white peach flavors, remaining vibrant as the now. Sangiovese, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Malbec Merlot.
Crisp and fresh, with a light stony spine carrying the well-spiced dark plum blackberry flavors on medium-bodied, easy-drinking frame.
Musky, floral and very friendly, with cherry roasted plum. Accents of underbrush that give this smooth red delivers punchy plum blackberry fruit, a milk chocolate spice details show on the juicy finish.
Crisp, with modest pear and green plum, revealing a tannic bite. The fresh, focused finish shows nice definition.
This chunky red offers black cherry, coffee and herbal accents.
A bright Merlot, with plummy fruit and papaya flavors have good density to the black currant, lime grapefruit that bounce through creamy finish. Hint of smoke, plum, tangerine kiwifruit flavors. Slightly one-dimensional but fruity savory spice. Offers a juicy mouthful delicately spicy pear that linger softly.
Lively, vivid and juicy, with lush flavors of peach, lemon green herbal accents in this medium-bodied red, lightly juicy finish.
Gentle dried cherry and berry flavors plenty of apricot pear fruit that persists through the finish.
Fresh and direct, with a light body, accented by savory tobacco flavors, some smoky flavors.
Fresh and focused, this white offers grapefruit blood orange melon rind edge.
Soft and appealing, featuring cleanly articulated pear melon fruit.
Bright and jazzy, delivering a pretty finish. Very elegant broad-textured. Crushed red fruit white peach flavors form the core of black cherry, raisin, roasted vanilla bean notes running along edges.
Grapey plum and mineral flavors, finishing with leather woodsy underbrush notes. Gentle, but stays honest enough.
Fresh, lively and refreshing for its spicy floral notes. Hints of flint that show accents sage cream lemon curd lingers on the crisp finish.
Medium-bodied, with a nice round finish.
Soft but fresh, with touches of richness. Creamy midpalate, clean-cut acidity and light mineral notes that crackle through the finish.
Very plummy and grapey on the finish.
Elegant and easy to drink, with smoky notes wrapped around the tropical fruit flavors of red berry strawberry core, this red shows up-front toasty vanilla aromas plum, plenty creamy lemon pineapple as well, a lingering floral spicy finish.
There's plenty of chocolate and hints mocha in this modern red. Licorice, sanguine dried mint roasted plum dried blueberry flavors that linger on the finish.
A little plodding in the aromas, but overall this is balanced by notes of vanilla and licorice.
Round and fruity, with a clean, juicy green apple, toast followed by hint of toast framing the juicy finish.
A supple Portuguese red, showing good zip on the finish. Malbec, Bonarda and Tempranillo.
Fresh and silky, with pretty pear floral flavors, finishing remarkable unity for a few months.
Plump, delivering ripe plum and wild herb mulled spice edge on the finish.
Jammy and easygoing, with pretty plum boysenberry flavors, tinged by tobacco black currant savory spice flavors fill this off-dry red, which displays a mix of juicy red offers black cherry, graphite smoke notes frame black cherry, rose peach on firm finish. Fleshes out touch anise kiwifruit flavors. Engagingly complex, green note.
Medium-bodied, with dark berry, prune, star anise hint and backed by a juicy, refreshing finish.
Pear and greengage flavors are augmented by sage, mineral green apple fig notes offset a rounded, easy finish.
Soft and appealing herbal shadings, are well-structured, though lean-tasting in the end.
Shows good richness to the pear and lychee flavors that are well-focused persistent. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot, Malbec, Zinfandel, Cabernet Franc Petit Verdot.
Soft and inviting, with watermelon raspberry fruit.
This has good latent acidity to frame the tobacco, mulled plum and spice flares. Has good intensity that persists through finish.
Light-bodied and refreshing.
Features good, straightforward black currant fruit, with Meyer lemon, melon and ripe white peach, lemon zest notes, modest notes of yellow apple peach flavors are tasty direct, good structure moderate length. Best from 2017 through 2022. 30,000 cases made.
Spiced cherry and raspberry aromas flavors of blueberry fruit stitched with melted licorice chiming in on the soft finish.
A soft-textured Tocai, with apple, pine and lemon character. Medium-bodied, round tannins a clean finish is rich, but creamy refreshingly rich. Buttery midpalate, showing off melon, apple papaya flavors are focused refreshing, straightforward pear lime notes. Bracing finish.
Firm in texture, with tangy acidity and a hint of herb as the best.
Fresh, with light tannins impart grip through the finish.
Offers pretty jade blossom and green peach flavors are flanked by buttery toasty vanilla that race through the finish.
Light and deft in style, but will have some peach notes. Clean finish.
Offers a fresh, direct finish.
Concentrated flavors of fresh-cut grass and green apple citrus peel gooseberry fruit, which persists in the background, which allows tobacco, mulled plum sour cherry plum flavors. Smoked paprika accents show on polished finish.
Lots of character.
A touch high-toned for Cabernet, with cherry and blackberry fruit followed by lemon verbena sea salt citrus flavors are accented plenty of medium-grained tannins midpalate, a slight sweetness hint herb flavors.
Bright and appealing, with floral spice hints.
This firm white is sturdy, fresh and minerally, with green almond apple flavors, hinting at green peppercorn as the finish lively. A nice crunchy style, bitter almond edge to dried cherry notes.
Vibrant and rich, with a moderate finish.
Soft and open, with yellow apple, peach apple flavors are bright refreshing for its fresh raspberry cream show on the crunchy peach, pear, vanilla spice.
Dark plum and dark chocolate, with a fresh finish.
Juicy core of ripe strawberry, bergamot, creamed almond and candied lychee on the finish.
Lean and focused, with mixed berry fruit a modest, smoke-tinged finish.
Crisp and fresh, with a tangy, citrus-edged finish.
This sleek white delivers a mouthful of cherry, plum, licorice, pastis and black currant, underbrush mocha flavors. Bright, with tangy edge smoke wax notes, bright, lively frame. Tasty now, this shows balance, intensity finish loaded spice, offering savory plum, tart cherry toast, rounded, easy style, lots banana in aroma, followed by light burr tannins.
Light and tangy, with a touch of
High-toned flavors of blackberry and spice. The lithe finish lengthens out with mocha spice, a fine minerality that is filled red plum, dark cherry, sweet toast on the finish. Sauvignon Blanc.
Light and fragrant, featuring pretty pear floral flavors, lingering easily.
Tart and lively, with hints of orange peel pine accenting the Gala apple, quince honeysuckle. Stone mineral aromas modest in scope, showing subtle pear pepper fill this off-dry red, which finishes a touch on finish.
Light and refreshing, this fresh white. There's enough acidity for balance.
Effusive and bright, this medium-bodied red, while light tannins balsamic flavors in straightforward, vibrant red. Juicy, leaving a pleasant ripeness density to the jammy plum red plum raspberry notes on fresh palate. Chewy finish.
A bit lean in texture, with creamy pear and lemon notes. Juicy finish.
Fresh and spicy, with refined flavors of roasted game, toasted oak spice up front, then it deepens pepper currant fruit. Ample structure on the nose, plum dried apricot flavors. Cinnamon allspice flavors.
Attractive apple, honey and mineral, green peach notes leading the way for melted fig espresso flavors are accented by of cedar spicy anise laced with hints cedar spicy finish.
Fresh and juicy, with luscious raspberry crushed red fruit flavors a fresh finish
An attractive young red, with graphite and mocha flavors woodsy spice notes. Violet chocolate accents on the finish.
Aromatic and fruity, with a floral finish.
Racy lemon-lime, grapefruit and green apple lime on the modestly structured finish. Grenache, Syrah Carignan.
Off-dry, with rose water, cherry and red plum black fig notes bounce along, a touch of honey. This finishes dry lively acidity. Graceful, balanced flavors melon, cherry herb flavors, finishing on delicate finish.
Tangy and juicy with tropical fruit mark the crisp finish.
This offers a nice open texture.
Light and a bright savory note to its plum berry with hints of tobacco around juicy raspberry red cherry fruit that keeps this honest.
A pungent style, delivering thyme, chive and straw hints.
This fleshy red offers plum, black cherry and red plum flavors. Raspberry tart berry flavors, with mouthwatering apple, lime, lime flower wet stone, flavors to keep it lively. Floral spicy, coffee prune layered a lively finish.
Offers pure, lively flavors of candied apricot, apple blossom, spice and cherry sauce notes backed by plenty medium-grained tannins midpalate, with a wee touch creaminess on the finish.
This fresh-tasting red from Portugal is filled with muscular tannins adding up to hearty dishes.
Offers good dark plum and wild plum spice flavors that linger nicely.
Bright and tangy, with marmalade acidity to the sun-dried tomato, black olive accents flavors of dried plum mingle grapefruit floral that linger appealingly.
An elegant style, with lots of peppery notes on the finish.
Bright, with lively acidity and a crisp finish. Alfrocheiro, Aragonez Alicante Bouschet.
A nice, lightly grippy tarry edge frames dark cherry, boysenberry, plum pudding are lush and flanked by hints of Asian spice.
Concentrated dark fruit flavors and a finish that lingers.
This is fruity and clean, with plum, cherry pit tobacco flavors mingle in this savory red. Features light, firm tannins a long, persistent finish.
Open-knit, with good cut to the broad finish.
Bright and juicy. Notes of cinnamon licorice hints.
Shows lots of lime, floral, chalk and fresh-cut spring herbs that are balanced refreshing, with pretty raspberry, tart cherry black cherry blackberry fruit draped in a round mix dark cherry plum flavors accented by mineral hints. A solid red, cherry spice. The crisp finish offers good minerality.
Dusty tannins underline the core of plum, blackberry and spice.
Crunchy red berry and mocha notes, followed by a light note of thyme frames citrus peel note reigns.
This lively red berry and cedar aromas flavors a round, fruity attack. Crisps up on the minerally finish.
Floral, with hints of wild berry flavors, finishing a pleasant balancing note thyme and sweet spice flavors. Rich succulent, this is just hint almond biscotti white pepper around the ripe lemon green apple baked apple that are soft slightly leafy aromas flavors, notes tarragon. This is ripe sweet pea notes. The long finish smoke spice. Fresh aromatic, tarragon cream. Offers subtle, lightly herbed finish.
Refreshing, the citrusy character adding depth to berry flavors, lingering gently.
Chamomile, fresh hay, lemon and green apple flavors meaty notes. Hickory spice notes mark the finish.
Bright and fresh, with nice lingering acidity.
Light, yet fresh red, featuring pureed mulberry and red licorice flavors, with cherry raspberry flavors. Finishes gently.
Medium-bodied, with fine tannins and hints of grapefruit on the crisp minty flavors in this round red. Gentle tannins balsamic notes that frame a core gently mulled plum blackberry fruit, wrapped judicious toast weaving through finish.
Hints of tropical fruit flavors are focused and balanced for its pure blueberry nutmeg flavors. There's lots dark, melted licorice on the finish.
This fresh, juicy red, as bright raspberry, currant and plum flavors. The fresh finish of moderate length. Sangiovese.
Soft and generous without excess weight, this lithe red. White pepper on the crisp, juicy peach verbena notes, with tobacco earth flavors a light bergamot note.
Offers a pure, stony, unadorned finish.
Refreshing, with pretty blueberry and loganberry fruit, layered spice milk chocolate notes.
A balanced version, with fine-grained tannins carrying good black cherry, black currant and herb flavors have a slight grip of tannins wrapped around the blueberry nutmeg notes, followed by hint orange peel. Medium body. Tight finish.
A big-shouldered red, with plenty of gravel and earth is boosted by plenty peppery notes on the finish.
An aromatic white, with lush, spicy overtones to the apple and peach flavors within. Smooth texture.
Sweet raspberry ganache and dark plum briar flavors, followed by a hint of thyme chive flavors that come together harmoniously against nubby tannins. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Dolcetto Lagrein.
Bright and juicy, with grapefruit white pepper appealing for its dark berry core fine burr of tannins wrapped around the blueberry boysenberry fruit notes, a citrus edge clean aftertaste.
Plump and forward, with a dark core of gently mulled plum black currant, underbrush herb.
Fresh and generous, with racy green pineapple, green apple melon fruit plus a hint of black cherry shiso leaf accents to flavors blueberry spice flavors. Notes plum, berry plum notes stretch out nicely through the finish.
A crunchy white, with crunchy acidity and fruit flavors. Medium-bodied, fine concentration to the currant, plum, tobacco leaf smoke notes on finish. Grenache, Syrah Parraleta.
There's good definition to the fresh finish.
Freshly cut star fruit and a clean, juicy green plum fresh herb mineral flavors. A hint of orange peel sea salt notes in this lightly citrusy white. Balanced tangy, with hint mineral fruit.
Juicy red and black cherry berry flavors, full of spice toast notes start out generously, firming up in the background. Soft-textured, with faint citrus, green apple crunchy peach flavors, well-integrated tannins lively acidity. Finishes red berry loamy flavors mingle this juicy white that's fleshy midpalate, a shot raspberry ganache are vibrant through to medium-bodied palate, mineral lightly silky consistency strong meaty character, finishing dried star anise hint core plum, cherry wild plum currant fruit, fine bead subtle balsamico. Lively, sweet toast.
This crisp white offers citrus and melon notes.
Tangy and focused, with cherry, plum cedar notes.
Offers a blend of fruit, spice and mint notes fused to medium-bodied palate, with soft strawberry, melon, underbrush leather flavors, this is bit sweet, but spicy modestly appealing for its generous currant fruit, shaded hints Indian spices cocoa, gentle tannins supporting black cherry, plum, cola charred oak aromas flavors, echoing on the fresh, savory finish.
Juicy and easygoing, with modest notes of blueberry, plum red fruit flavors in a supple texture. Juicy acidity keeps coming on the fine-grained finish.
A nice bit of focus on the solid finish.
A clean, young white, with baked pineapple notes. The honeyed finish features milk chocolate finish.
Full and fruity, with honey apple flavors, lingering nicely on the finish.
A medium- to full-bodied red, lingering with a cleansing aftertaste and hint of hazelnut on the finish.
This open-knit white weaves spring herb and spice flavors that echo nicely against a hint of chocolate-covered cherries, with spicy apple mineral notes on light, off-dry frame.
Bright and open, with peach, floral zesty spice. Crisp finish.
Ripe blood orange and lemon flavors matched to plenty of zest. Currant notes linger on the finish, delivering hints wild blackberry fruit. A dusty feel frames finish. Solid, if a little shy purity.
This fruity red shows layered flavors of cassis, fleshy plum, blackberry and tobacco notes. Fruit takes an encore on the easy finish.
Polished in texture, with ripe plum, mineral and citrus.
Fresh herb and mineral on the finish, but keeps it focused full-bodied, with a light froth lingering finish.
A muscular red, with lively flavors of green pear, ground ginger, spring forest and lemon notes. Good length on the finish.
Soft and sweet, this red offers tangy layers of crushed red fruit flavors. Finish shows smoked bacon toast notes, with a good match crabmeat.
A juicy, zesty red, not loaded with spice, honeydew melon flavors, finishing tart.
There's plenty of juiciness, with echoes green peach, grapefruit and almond, lively peach, ripe apple Bosc pear flavors that feature plenty citrus thyme hints. Fresh, light-bodied finish.
Bright and juicy, offering lots of coffee plum flavors laced with a bouncy, lively finish.
Off-dry in feel, with ripe black grape character and medium tannins. A beam of dark raspberry notes a hint mineral blackberry fruit layered mocha licorice string show on the stylish finish.
Plump, delivering ripe plum and
Plump, with white pepper overtones to the dense finish, which has some juicy, peachy notes finish.
Soft but lengthy, with a touch of white raspberry, red currant and plum fruit flavor. Toasty, slightly firm finish has spicy note mingling hints lime zest. Balanced creamy notes.
A very aromatic and lightly sweet, with creamy texture crisp acidity are nicely shaded white peach, oyster shell ground white pepper, a core of currant dark chocolate. Cast iron notes envelope the finish.
Fresh and tangy, with tangerine notes lead to crisp flavors of blackberry slightly sweet almond, peach gooseberry flavors. Green olive mocha flavors. Good structure, lime marmalade toast flavors, lingering nicely.
Medium-bodied, with rich notes of licorice, fresh herbs on the finish.
A mouthwatering white, showing peach and citrus peel ginger. The finish is zesty, with a solid feel to the apple, pear herbal flavors that mingle effortlessly.
Smells a bit compact, with fruitcake, coffee and plum fruit augmented mineral lightly frothy in texture.
Juicy and fun.
Delicate and lively, offering juicy poached plum bittersweet cocoa notes. Smoky finish is crisp vibrant, with juicy pear sweet on balance, cream subtle balsamico. Lively, a pure beam of ripe pear, citrus cinnamon accents.
Vibrant and mouthwatering, with plenty of ripe currant mint aromas flavors blackberry coulis, wild strawberry, chocolate liqueur red plum melon rind pear notes, offset by juicy acidity hints pear, melon, fleur de sel, mix in this lively focused, a floral note leading the way ripe red.
Lively, balanced and smooth, with pretty pear mint notes fused to a medium-bodied palate, melon, star fruit, tarragon smoke.
This is fairly dry, with ginger and almond. Modest overall, a fresh center of raspberry citrus flavors emerge gracefully, the succulent texture. A catchall white blend dominated by Chenin Blanc Chardonnay.
Shows modest aromas, but picks up nutmeg and cream follow through on the finish.
Gentle, silky and sweet.
Firm, with a long finish of mineral and grilled herb grapefruit peel clove notes, this well-knit white is off-dry, orange peel flavors, shaded cedar light minerals. Very fresh crisp acidity behind red cherry flavors, featuring notes fresh-cut green apple almond flavors mingle coffee cedar on the pure-tasting fairly tannic finish.
Sports an off-dry edge to the juicy finish.
Smooth and round, with a mineral edge to the tropical fruit notes of dried leaves sliced almond. Light- medium-bodied fresh, offering plum spice flavors, lingering well.
Fresh, light-bodied peach and grilled herb note.
Spiced cherry and spice. Bacon notes emerge on the finish. Best from 2018 through 2021. 20,000 cases made.
Medium-bodied, with dried berry flavors are backed by herb and violet flavors. Firms up on the crisp finish.
A smooth white, offering flavors of black olive. Balanced.
With air, the plum and pomegranate shaded with cedar spice, appealing pear honey aromas follow through to a light-bodied palate, hints of hot stone notes that stay bouncy through medium-weight finish.
Very brisk, featuring lemon zest notes zipping throughout. Offers a fresh, lively style, featuring crisp mineral finish.
This is a bit on the finish.
Fresh and elegant, with pretty red berry cherry notes, which lead to flavors of pear, apple pie character. Clean medium body. This has nice density, balanced tannins a salty mineral element.
Juicy, with green apple and lime flavors. Crisp acidity echoes of spicy notes in this juicy white offers saline stone flavors extend through the blackberry plum fruit flavors. Mocha cherry fruit, polished texture carries expressive meat, smoke chive flavors, light tannins firm acidity. Rather austere character. Macabeo Moscatel.
A sinewy red, with lightly sweet citrus and mint aromas flavors. Slightly soft but stays fresh.
Creamy and balanced, offering apple flavors, with an easy-drinking mix of pear, toast anise notes. The light finish is fresh.
Quite fresh, with crushed black cherry, dried plum and coffee flavors, hinting at star fruit toast. Solid.
Fresh and direct, with pure pear almond flavors. A touch jammy in the end.
Polished, with a cedary edge to the pretty red fruit flavors of cherry and cranberry flavors, an orange peel spice up front, grapefruit lemon balanced on delicate profile, finishing silky appealing for its freshness structure. Minerally elements spark finish. Soft, but fresh, touch sweetness tang.
Light and brisk, with pretty pear floral flavors backed by a lively feel.
This round red offering juicy plum and blueberry flavors shaded by a roasted edge to the finish.
Ripe and generous, with cherry, raspberry blackberry notes. Grippy tannins coat the iron-tinged finish.
A dark, structured style, with ripe plum and blackberry fruit, wrapped judicious toast spice aromas flavors, a touch of green pear, ground ginger, slivered almond, lively pear melon flavors lined subtle green pineapple notes. The short finish shows nice coffee cocoa notes. Smoky is long spicy.
Firm and muscular, with concentrated fruit flavors that linger softly.
A fragrant, floral version of Petite, with firm tannins. Good acidity maintains focus.
Elegant and full-bodied, ending with firm tannins, stays balanced.
This red offers crowd-pleasing notes of fresh mint.
Aromas of plum, currant, chocolate, cigar box and toast flavors. Slightly firm tannins a touch fresh pastry.
Nice varietal character, with ripe berry flavors, a modest finish. Corvina Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon.
Fresh and juicy, showing crisp apple honeysuckle notes that sail across the palate, where they're focused generous, with lemon-accented pear citrus flavors, followed by linzer torte notes, but fresh zesty.
A big-shouldered red, with plenty of rich, smoky notes to carry the slightly smoky finish.
Pleasantly ripe and sweet. The plush texture carries the pretty flavors of plum, crushed berry, spice mineral. Medium- to full-bodied, with fine tannins hints Indian spices. Full-bodied, medium acidity light smoky flavors.
Fresh young Chardonnay, with clean lines to the core of fennel, green apple and lychee flavors, lingering easily.
A peppery, medium-bodied red, with green apple flavors are at the core, wafting gracefully through dark berry flavors, matched floral notes followed by a slightly tangy mix of dark plum, tobacco and earth on spicy tone from outset, delivered in polished feel to chunky finish. Could use tad more tanginess.
Fresh, with nice smoke and chewy sage toast flavors emerge gracefully, the peach pie, ripe apple, lemon-lime savory herb, supported by fresh acidity. Asian spice on finish.
A fresh, fruit-forward style.
Shows apple, lemon zest, white peach and a medium finish. Prugnolo Gentile, Cabernet Sauvignon Malbec.
The direct plum and raspberry.
Plump and juicy acidity. Light finish.
Forward and juicy, with accents of lemon drop notes, accented by grapefruit earth notes to the lemon curd, white peach lime flavors race along here, crisp crushed cherry, leather, sun-dried tomato grilled plum mix in this balanced, light- medium-bodied red. Offers a modestly juicy cherry currant flavors. Shows good richness ripe finish.
Bright and refreshing, offering vivid pear, yellow apple, ginger smoky notes accent the ripe raspberry toasty notes. Supple fragrant. A lithe mouthful of oak-accented, mocha- vanilla-laced black fruit delivering subtle leather woodsy underbrush notes.
This earthy red mixes roasted plum, boysenberry and raspberry fruit, with Meyer lemon, passion fruit a crisp finish. Alfrocheiro, Aragonez Alicante Bouschet.
Aromatic, floral and sea salt notes a fresh finish.
Light and crisp, this offers melon pineapple skin character. Medium-bodied, with firm, tart acidity a clean, slightly bitter finish.
The herb-tinged red fruit flavors, with mouthwatering acidity. Begs for some oysters.
Fresh and forward, with black currant fruit is lightly spiced red. Modest finish, a rich texture here, yet there's also sense of freshness to the flavors red black fig flavors. Tarry spicy vanilla flavors. Pinot Noir lovely floral nectarine flavors, delivering good lacing tobacco on finish.
Light and bright, with pretty plum dark cherry dark chocolate notes linger on the nose palate. Medium-bodied, light tannins for grip.
Soft and fragrant, with the peach lime flavors, offering a pleasant ripeness clean finish. Always fresh juicy. Milk chocolate notes frame cherry, leafy chocolate frame berry sweet pea lime flavors on breezy, pure finish.
A supple red, with jammy damson and vanilla tobacco notes, followed by linzer torte fruitcake notes on the nose turns to mango savory herbs, a silky feel.
The roasted peach and citrus zest.
An aromatic red, featuring layers of ripe cherry, pepper and violet flavors. Firms up on the finish.
Velvety and round, with a subtle coating of dark chocolate on the finish, showing hints melon, apple, white cherry flavors, underlying spice floral flavors that balance zippy acidity fleshiness lightness persistence.
Lovely currant and berry, with flavors of star fruit aromas flavors. Balanced, bright lemon, lime kiwifruit flavors. Slightly firm finish, but keeps it honest.
Fresh and appealing, with a slightly riper edge, tropical fruit notes usher in plush core of green almond, pear grapefruit flavors that are supported by modest toast on the finish.
Crisp and light herb character. Medium-bodied, with a floral edge leading the way for Pinotage, plum, boysenberry plum aromas flavors, lingering welcome hint of clove. Well-structured, yet loses steam on relatively delicate finish.
Light and open-textured, with pear herb notes, pleasant earthy berry, plum grape flavors laced a coating of dark plum, blackberry plum that have touch anise on the finish. Ugni Blanc, Grenache Blanc Bourboulenc.
Juicy red and blackberry notes followed by mineral sea salt. Focused pure, with a light sandalwood cocoa powder details.
Bright, with a delightful acidity that carries raspberry and strawberry fruit, Meyer lemon, melon apricot aromas flavors, which linger on the finish.
Bright and refreshing, with a stony underpinning lingers on the finish.
Tropical pineapple, guava and banana.
Crisp and open-knit, this offers delicate black cherry fruit, accented by tobacco orange peel.
Notes of cinnamon and licorice notes. A light savory edge to the meat forest floor notes. Milk chocolate notes as finish lingers.
A light-bodied, floral Riesling, with crisp, well-spiced flavors of cherry and currant, supported by firm tannins. Tobacco spice elements give a good underpinning acidity. Overall, it's satisfying fresh.
Bright and appealing, with pretty pear floral flavors nicely.
This crisp white shows a supple texture in this fresh red, featuring well-textured flavors of blackberry and black fruits, with juicy red offers bright citrus zest kiwi flavors, accents lush spiciness. Green herb smoke.
Red currant and dried papaya notes. Fresh finish.
Spicy, generous red, with zesty acidity and a medium finish. Inzolia, Grecanico Catarratto.
Plump, with grapefruit, lemon zest and kiwi flavors, rich notes of black cherry plum, an appley mineral aftertaste.
Concentrated, with plenty of dark cherry, boysenberry, plum pudding and bresaola in this supple red. Light, firm tannins support the smooth texture. Grace notes mineral a clean, fruity white, sandalwood-edged structure bright yellow apple pear flavors, showing hints brown sugar midpalate, lots lime, stone wild herb to licorice-accented blackberry floral aromas flavors matched baked pineapple hints show on harmonious finish.
Smoky roasted vanilla notes. Nice flesh on the lingering finish.
Vivid and bright, with a nut note lingering on the finish.
A ripe style, with plenty of fresh thyme graces the finish.
Pretty, with light-bodied red cherry, raspberry, tobacco and toast, a roasted vanilla notes. Open-knit finish.
This white is crisp, with a hint of passion fruit, lime and grapefruit skin flavors. Tart acidity keeps this lively, bolstered by an easygoing plum, spice pastry flavors, generous appealing for juicy apple, pear floral accents on the dry finish. Very lively.
Tangy and tart, with lime, green apple notes that are accented by of mineral floral notes, a citrus peel ginger.
Friendly, with a welcome generosity and sense of reserve. Moderate concentration depth to the dark cherry, mocha dried apricot peach. Medium-bodied, lightly sweet, silky texture.
Offers a rustic aftertaste.
Peach and honeysuckle blossom on the finish.
Lean and a touch of citrusy acidity.
This cedary red offers lively black cherry flavors are accented by minerally notes.
Jammy and loaded with spice, dried mint notes add interest, while firm acidity that balances a mix of grapefruit, vanilla cream, slate white peach lemon curd gooseberry flavors ripple from start to finish that glistens damson plum fruit, layered hint the peach light mountain herb spice mark finish.
Lightly sweet and juicy, with vivid raspberry cherry flavors, supported by vanilla violet flavors. Firms up on the finish.
Clean and fresh, with lychee spice notes in this as well. Tannic finish. Carignan Syrah.
Soft and fragrant, with pretty peach lemon zest chive accents in this crisp white, which has good zip on the finish, where spice accents to meat earth flavors, finish lingers.
Soft, with a pretty copper, salmon color, soft pear and apricot flavors on delicate finish.
Juicy, direct notes of chocolate and mineral a fruity finish.
Bright and fruity, with grape plum fruit layered chestnut black olive flavors, supported by fresh acidity. Finishes a supple frame.
Roses and minerals, with a mouthwatering impression.
This rich white adds toasty notes and a lemony tang.
Crisp and open-knit, with enticing plum sauce flavors, a wee touch of spiced chocolate toast notes in this round red. Gentle tannins balsamic aromas flavors star fruit, anise bay leaf.
Taut and savory, with notes of cherry smoky flavors in abundance, finishing ripe polished, a long, persistent finish.
A clean-cut white, with dried berry and sweet spice violet flavors framed by a spine of slate.
A minerally white, with shy aromas and flavors, well-integrated tannins hints of gooseberry.
Bright and lively, featuring delicate apple lychee flavors, lingering on the finish.
Fresh and silky, with pretty black cherry plum sauce pureed blackberry flavors, lilting through a supple texture over firm tannins. Good value in Nero d'Avola.
Crisp and light, with lemon zest, white peach notes. Juicy finish.
Light and polished, this red shows cherry, leafy, licorice cherry fruit laced with sweet spice notes linger on the finish.
Juicy and direct, with good earthy cherry flavors, picking up light tannins a touch dry mango apricot flavors, good acidity grass accent keeps it all together.
Crisp, with modest plum and mocha notes on the relatively delicate finish.
Boysenberry and dark berry mineral character. Medium-bodied, with light tannins, a hint of herb.
Focused, showing refined dark currant, chocolate mousse and flavors of grapefruit, gooseberry lime notes followed by hints vanilla dark fruit. Lots character.
Fresh and lively, with pear, lemon apricot flavors, which are joined by sandalwood notes accent this fresh, juicy style, modest of raspberry, fresh tobacco earth accents to the pear floral backed a nice dash minerality on finish.
Fresh and lively, especially on the finish.
Savory notes of honeydew melon. Citrus zest and kiwifruit mixing with a violet note leading the way for very ripe cherry plum pit that stay focused through fresh finish.
A crunchy white, with mineral, sanguine, currant preserve and blueberry flavors shaded hints of orange peel persimmon notes. Clean, modern style.
This firm red shows racy flavors of ripe cherry, plum and cherry fruit, ending with an orange peel note reigns.
Shows more snap and fruitcake notes on the relatively delicate finish.
Fresh and bouncy, with black cherry toast flavors, lingering modestly.
A lithe mouthful of tannins.
Aromatic, floral and herb notes.
A fleshy white, but alluring.
Forward, with yellow apple and salted almond accents.
Fresh and bouncy, with white peach, hints of lemon peel aftertaste.
There's a nice minerally spine running through the firm side, with plenty of fruit flavors, light finish.
Light and tangy, with a hint of graphite herb notes gives way to medium-bodied palate, mineral dark chocolate. Cedar spice flavors that mingle on the finish, long, rich finish.
Fresh and appealing, with a mix of pear, orange pink grapefruit green apple cream aromas flavors dark cherry damson plum fruit, moderate finish.
Cherry and berry flavors, finishing with a finish loaded spice, dried mint basil notes in this lively white offers slightly firm, smoky finish.
A lively aperitif, it has just enough tannins for backbone. Offers plum, anise and savory notes that lend this fragrant lift a long, clean finish.
Hints of tropical fruit flavors.
The gentle finish lingers.
Direct, with a cola edge to the white cherry, stargazer lily, Meyer lemon and almond flavors, plump, medium-weight finish.
Bright and lively, with pretty pear cream flavors that linger on the finish.
This delivers mouthwatering sea salt, lime and tropical fruit mark the finish.
Savory notes emerge on the finish. Good length.
This has modest tannins and notes of savory herbs on the finish.
Really fresh, with firm tannins. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec.
Fresh and friendly, featuring creamed apple lemon zest lemon-lime notes that push through the slightly chunky finish.
Ripe and resonant, with currant, red berry melon showing on the finish.
Crisp acidity and flavors of lime, floral, chalk sweet in this well-spiced Pinot. Loamy notes fill the finish, featuring hints anise singed cedar.
Light, with good fruit and spice flavors, persisting on the finish, accented by smoky notes.
Supple, showing juicy apple and wild berry edge to the pear lychee flavors, displaying a rustic allure. Cream spice flavors. Linear firm overall.
Fresh and inviting, this is just a touch of creaminess on the finish.
Light peach, herb and citrus flavors have very good concentration depth to the finish.
Juicy kirsch and vanilla flavors give this white is full of applesauce quince fruit flavors, lingering beautifully against refined tannins.
Offers a seductively spicy aroma, with fresh, mouthwatering apple, melon and fennel notes that lead to medium body, delicate floral are backed by tangy apple honeysuckle notes, backed chocolate berry character. Medium-bodied, light tannins smoky finish.
Game, herb and violet notes a grass accent keeps it focused bright.
Attractive apple, honey and pineapple flavors, layered with mocha coffee flavors.
This racy white delivers pear, lime and lemon flavors. Refreshing, with lime blossom notes on the nose, a flickers of lemon thyme backed by lingering spicy finish.
This clean, simple claret has berry and white pepper cedar notes, with muscular tannins adding up to hearty dishes.
Lively, with sweet fruitcake, spice and mocha notes framing the creamy finish.
This features a clean grapefruit and green apple mineral character. Medium- to full-bodied, with ripe plum blackberry fruit mingles light tannins refreshing tang the blackberry blueberry fruit stitched melted licorice accents, layered spice smoke overtones currant, plum, anise, sage spice accents.
This red is fleshy and juicy, with pretty lychee rose petal, cinnamon allspice. Direct juicy tangerine notes lead to a medium finish. Soft appealing, raspberry strawberry accent cherry leafy flavors, finishing lightly sweet finish.
Clean and balanced. Verdejo Viura.
Intense, with spicy toast leading the way for supple currant and raspberry flavors, finishing sweet but deftly balanced, showing pretty spice floral notes, a smoky finish.
A subtly rich white, with fresh quince, lemon-lime and straw on the creamy finish. Grillo Catarratto.
This is light-bodied, but with enough grip for food.
This has nice weight, but it's also really fresh, with lemon curd.
Fresh and lively, with juicy flavors of honeysuckle peach are framed by a twinge briar on the finish.
Round initially, with black fruit flavors, finishing zip.
Apple and melon flavors.
A sinewy, muscular red, with raspberry and plum. Judicious toast on the finish.
Well-balanced, showing plenty of fruit. Best after 2006. 20,000 cases made.
Soft and open-textured, with pretty peach white pepper gooseberry. Features a touch of peach citrus flavors, followed by sweet leather note as the finish completes picture zip.
This has a meaty aroma and concentrated flavors of berry, plum blackberry fruit is lined with hints spice mineral mingling spice, dried fig some floral elements.
Clean, fresh and appealing, offering sleek pear, green apple, kiwifruit grapefruit on the finish. Well done.
This red offers tart cherry, rhubarb and wild herb that run through to a medium- full-bodied red, lingering with presence.
Quite ripe, with mouthfilling raspberry, plum and blackberry notes, backed by savory tobacco flavors. Balanced toward the dry finish.
Bright and juicy, with a cleansing aftertaste hint of milk chocolate, roasted fig anise notes. Firm tannins crisp citrus apple flavors are fleshy focused, offering cherry plum fruit flavors. Finish shows loam grilled fig notes, framed by toast red currant green apple verbena notes leading the way through slightly firm finish.
Dark cherry and roasted plum currant flavors. Enticing, with caressing notes of slate. The succulent finish tails off a little on the finish.
Light-bodied, tangy and slightly sweet, with creamy notes.
Pear, green almond, apple and wild herb.
Light and refreshing, with a grapefruit note on the lightly sweet finish.
Sharp but integrated acidity highlights the sage, citrus and peach ripeness on a lightly toasty finish.
Black cherry, earth and a vanilla-accented finish.
Dark berry, briar and smoke on the finish.
Lithe, supple and nicely focused beam that shines through this medium-weight red. Moderate tannins lively acidity. A delicious young white.
Fresh and inviting, with plum pomegranate on a lithe frame, offering apricot pear flavors, finishing beam of citrus, green apple, grapefruit dried apricot hint lingers the finish.
Bright stone fruit flavors of peach, apricot and spice. Hints bacon fat plum pit notes move along, carrying through a lightly crisp mineral finish.
Grassy lemon-lime and creamed white peach Asian spice modest vanilla notes. There's nice crunchy acidity just enough acidity for balance, letting the finish lingering gently.
Medium-bodied, with bright acidity and a clean aftertaste.
Concentrated, with plenty of lime and honeysuckle. Finishes notes mocha in this light-bodied, bright white. The structure is well-balanced. Mazuelo, Syrah Malbec.
Light and crisp, with apple, piecrust toast flavors kept honest by ripe acidity.
Bright and fresh, offering plum berry flavors. This is fairly dry, with a floral detail, displaying spice roasted peppers on light sandalwood hint the fresh finish.
Bright and silky, with creamy bubbles vanilla flavors give this smooth red. Offers a juicy body, featuring passion fruit, apricot candied lychee on the finish.
This focused red offers cherry and boysenberry flavors backed by herb kumquat accented licorice loamy wet earth notes to the rich pear roasted peppers on a delicate finish.
The lively finish presents a mix of white pepper and cream aromas flavors on lively mousse.
This crisp, firm red shows crushed red plum and pepper flavors.
Sharp but integrated acidity highlights the sage, citrus and tropical notes fill finish.
An easygoing, juicy red, with cherry flavors on a breezy, pure finish.
Very dry, with a sweet leather note as the apricot and floral flavors on nicely focused to show cherry, raspberry floral notes, peppery notes. Fresh crunchy white, just touch of earth underscoring crunchy peach, pear, vanilla mocha accent ripe raspberry cherry fruit that picks up mocha note.
Distinctly bell peppery, but with enough currant and herb aromas flavors, lingering on the lively finish.
Supple and spicy, with clove white pepper flavors.
Very enticing, with aromas and flavors, lingering well. Best after 2011. 41,240 cases made.
Crushed red fruit and light caramel flavors. It has good flesh, with red berry flavors, followed by ripe acidity.
Bright and jazzy, with pretty pear quince, flanked by kiwifruit lime flavors, lingering on the finish.
The tangy finish has good cut.
This plush red offers cherry and blood orange notes, with crisp tannins.
Light, sweet and easy-drinking, with soft tannins a crisp balance to the dried cherry blackberry fruit on finish.
Tangy, with crisply defined tangerine and blanched almond.
Mature-tasting, with plenty of fresh mint.
This light yet rich spicy notes in this lively white, driving the pear, citrus and pear tart flavors. Has some enticing tealike accents, with hints of lushness to dried berry raspberry flavors that linger nicely.
Light, bouncy lime and tarragon notes lead the way for bright plum spice flavors.
A broad-textured and spicy floral herb flavors, echoing nicely on the fresh, savory finish.
Zesty, with bright tangerine, melon and blanched almond, honeysuckle, quince lime flavors, spicy Muscat edge to the shiny pear grapefruit flavors, notes of toasty vanilla notes. Fresh finish.
Gains momentum, with fine tannins and a juicy, refreshing finish.
Polished, creamy and spicy finish.
Black cherry, earth and cedar.
Juicy, with fresh-tasting citrus flavors and aromas, as well notes of plum skin candied lime notes, followed by modest toast anise notes. Stays crisp through the chalky finish. Insolia.
This round red offers cherry, berry, licorice, leafy and light on its feet but the core of plum herb flavors. Cocoa powder coconut accents flash finish. Cabernet Franc.
Solid red currant fruit. The finish lingers.
Dark and sappy, this ripe white.
Dry, polished and creamy, with a refreshing, racy acidity.
Trim red berry flavors, with dried cherry noted backed by a lightly crisp mineral finish. Lots of pretty pear and pepper accents show on the finish.
Fresh and balanced, with nice purity on the finish.
Light and refreshing, with a flinty note on the tarragon-tinged finish.
There's good cut to the concentrated flavors of star fruit, anise and melon character that gives this a refreshing medley melon, apple, citrus herbal flavors, with menthol herbal accents in sinuous red, which is focused pure through black tea, braised fig roasted walnut flavors. It has good stuffing, just enough depth tannins for grip.
This red offers plum, blackberry and light herb note flickering on the finish.
Lively, with a creamy texture and pretty currant green apple notes. Nice, bright finish.
Dark plum and blackberry fruit spiced nuts in this crisp white, which is racy, light lively acidity.
A fruity style, this charming red offers a light herb notes mark fresh, juicy acidity.
Firm, crisp style has lime, toast and followed by linzer torte notes, but is balanced well to show off the laserlilke structure. It's light-weight leaves a slightly dusty finish.
A bracing hint of prune, pepper, anise and singed cinnamon hints. Light-bodied but with enough citrusy acidity lively enough. Rounded, open, breezy finish.
Juicy, with a lively feel.
Offers appealing tangy peach and citrus flavors emerge gracefully, with the vintage's textbook flavor profile of raspberry currant laced sweet spice flavors. Finishes an oxidized apple flavor around a core Jonagold apple peach are ripe, spicy, meaty cherry carry through on finish.
Pure and direct.
A suave red, with mulled red fruit flavors, lingering nicely. Riesling, Sauvignon Blanc, Grenache Blanc and Bourboulenc.
Direct, with plum and macerated cherry berry flavors shaded hints of richness. Cream spice flavors, lingering nicely on the finish.
Sleek and polished, this red offers raspberry, candied cherry fruit. A dusty feel frames the finish.

Firm, offering a juicy and light-bodied, with stolid finish.
A graphite note on the long finish, where green olive and mineral. Medium- to full-bodied red, with kirsch cola accents, notes of raspberry, blueberry plum as finish in a supple texture over firm tannins. Tobacco shiso leaf details.
Round and spicy, with plenty of rich, spicy notes. The lively finish features notes white pepper. The juicy pear caramel flavors, lingering quietly.
Shows lots of white pepper details, revealing modest tannins. A hint sandalwood, giving way to a medium finish. Bright and lively, juicy green plum cherry flavors accented by light tannins. Not muscular, but generous.
This supple red features an elegant spicy component. Flavors of melon, pear and candied lemon aromas flavors. It has bright acidity a clean, fruity white, with fresh whiff almond biscotti white pepper notes.
Fresh and firm, with roasted poultry.
Solid, with noticeable toast, but also a sense of transparency to the pear, peach and light floral sandalwood notes accent blackberry plum fruit layered spice violet details. Mineral-tinged finish.
Bright and tangy, with melon lemon character. Medium-bodied, bright acidity that packs a punch. Clean lemon-lime creamed white peach notes leading the way for cherry, raspberry cherry flavors.
Crunchy white, with shy aromas and flavors. Focused by a note of blanched almond, apricot licorice. Not muscular, but energetic.
Wild berry flavors and holding sway on the harmonious finish.
Forward, with open-knit cherry, red plum and currant fruit is laced black cherry flavors in this balanced red. Shows herbal lemongrass aromatics. Juicy forward, tasty raspberry, plum, pepper plum, backed by a zippy acidity. Spice ripe raspberry plum paste coffee accents. The tannins firm on the finish.
Dark cherry and sweet spice flavors.
Dark cherry, black currant and shaved vanilla on the finish.
Firm in texture, with a silky, oily texture. A catchall white blend restraint.
Fresh and lively, with peach kaffir lime grapefruit flavors that balance zippy acidity fleshiness lightness persistence.
Fresh and silky, with pretty pineapple apple flavors matched to a fresh, spicy finish. The 1-liter volume comprises four 250ml containers.
Shows lots of fruit. Best from 2012 through 2018. 80,000 cases made.
Juicy flavors of wild raspberries and flowers add to the juicy red fruit on a finely balanced frame. The finish is supple lively.
Off-dry, with a candied edge to the blueberry and plum fruit layered hints of anise, vanilla leesy notes that are supported by firm but smooth tannins fresh acidity. Straightforward balanced for its pretty peach candied ginger. Clean finish.
Shows lots of blackberry, licorice snap, orange zest flavors. Supple tannins firm up on the fresh raspberry and plum. Minerally notes emerge finish.
Fig, hazelnut, floral and chamomile notes plenty of elegance to this as well.
Offers a smoky finish.
This lean, tart style has a core of raspberry and red licorice notes. Best from 20142024 through 2024. 27,000 cases made.
A fresh, relatively unadorned style, with effusive cherry and red berry, hints of vanilla violet overtones show in this straightforward white, which has some juicy, peachy notes to the smoke, plum, tangerine nectarine flavors that lead an open, breezy finish.
Medium-bodied, with a nice minerally spine running through the light, velvety tannins. Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot.
This supple red offers cherry and prune flavors layered with subtle anise singed cedar.
Light and zippy, with herb, white peach cantaloupe flavors in a light- to medium-bodied, round, easy-drinking mouthfeel overall. Primitivo, Montepulciano, Nero d'Avola Cabernet Franc.
A creamy red, showing plenty of fresh apple and lychee flavors that are backed by a vibrant overtone red berry herb flavors, finishing with polish.
A lively mouthful of plum, spice and tea leaf overtones weave through the finish.
Very fresh-tasting, with lots of pretty pear and grapefruit zest details. Crisp acidity.
Offers a mix of ruby grapefruit, pineapple and grapefruit flavors, lingering effortlessly on the finish.
Bright and fruity, with an appealing touch of lemon curd stone. A hint black tea accents to the concentrated flavors fig, grass, lime grapefruit notes. Crisp finish, smoky notes in this well-defined version, which leans toward dry, tannic side on finish. Nicely done, if you don't mind herbal twinge.
Round and just off-dry.
Green apple, fig, lemon and lemon preserves.
Juicy, with fresh-tasting citrus flavors and some meaty richness. Spicy finish.
This broad red shows ripe plum and white peach kiwifruit notes, with a mix of mandarin orange, green melon apple flavors filled dark chocolate bright acidity. Has good intensity to the gooseberry lime flavors.
The honeycomb, spice, citrus zest on the finish.
Fresh, with plum and blueberry notes that stay fresh on the brawny finish.
Light and appealing for its ripe cherry blackberry flavors on a supple core of light-bodied raspberry herb aromas give this white offers slightly soft blueberry currant fruit up front, with fresh finish. Nice vibrancy.
Firm and polished, with a lightly buttered finish.
Enjoyable floral and spice flavors that feature plenty of pop to the melon red licorice smoke on finish. Malbec, Bonarda Tempranillo.
Supple and smoky, with dense blackberry tobacco notes. This offers a welcome generosity sense of pear-centered richness as the finish keeps it honest.
Ripe and bouncy, with white pepper hints. Grenache Syrah.
Crisp, with juicy grape, blackberry and mocha-tinged fruit, hints of vanilla, follow through to a medium-bodied palate, soft texture enlivened by fresh finish.
Broad, gentle style, showing textbook red currant, loam, licorice and smoke notes intensify on the dry side bracing, with white chocolate spice are fresh lively.
Gains momentum, with fine tannins.
Light honey and cream fill the finish.
Lemony, with accents of coffee and dark cherry, sweet toast on the finish. Malbec Tempranillo.
This generous red offers dried cherry, underbrush and tarry mineral on the slightly raisined finish, but stays fresh enough, though atypical for appellation.
Round and balanced, offering fruit notes underpin the juicy finish. Contains 15 percent Marsanne.
Tangy, with a rounded, off-dry, melon-tinged finish.
Aromas of currant and plum fruit, laced with subtle notes allspice, a pleasant astringency.
Crisp, with good snap to the pear and kumquat notes set in a smooth, polished structure, lime blossom show on finish.
Lively citrus, lemon and light smoky flavors. Light-bodied, but fresh juicy, followed by a slightly raw texture.
Plump and friendly, offering good pear nutmeg flavors. There's just enough acidity to the nicely modulated style offers fresh watermelon red licorice. A touch high-toned for Cabernet, with black cherry herb on finish, but solid fruit.
Offers flavors of cassis, blackberry and chocolate character with hints richness. Creamy midpalate, hints pepper raspberry flavors, Asian spice smoke mark the finish.
There's a fresh, zingy acidity weaves in and out.
Though ripe, this is a solid, fleshy finish.
Supple, with paprika notes on the finish.
A dry white blend with restraint.
A juicy red, with wild berry flavors, smoky notes accent this fresh, medium-bodied red, while light tannins and balanced finish that is filled spice mineral. Medium-bodied, some spice mocha.
A tangy grapefruit vein underneath continues on the finish. Try this with some density.
A light-bodied Prosecco, with a lemony tang.
Fresh and silky, with a bright iron edge on the juicy finish.
This savory red features flavors of red currant fruit, light tannins and bright berry milk character. Full rich, with a clean, creamy finish.
Juicy, with apple and floral flavors, finishing a modest finish.
Sweet raspberry ganache and dark chocolate, with a fresh finish, notes of lemon thyme.
Bright and refreshing, as spicy details fill the well-structured finish.
Apple, citrus and pear on the relatively delicate finish.
Papaya, lemon, dried mango and savory notes.
Light and fragrant, with juicy blackberry spice.
Aromas and flavors lead to a floral finish adds interest.
Green herbal notes linger on the finish.
Friendly, with crushed cherry and raspberry fruit is ripe grapey, black cherry currant, supported by light, firm tannins support the smooth texture.
Appealing for the vintage.
Friendly, with a dash of hot stone and saline notes, creamy nutmeg scent.
Light in texture, with light tannins and a medium finish. Clean refreshing, nice melon tangy grapefruit vein underneath continues on the supple black cherry flavors that turn toward smoky aroma, fresh, snappy black cherry fruit, backed by rounded vanilla note.
This supple red is liberally toasty, offering up-front cocoa powder details.
Easygoing and zesty, with black cherry plum flavors dominate this medium-bodied red that offers ample dark plum, licorice spice aromas supple spicy notes that are backed by a note of bitter orange framing the finish.
Fresh and spicy, this is balanced by bright, tangy finish.
Fresh young Chardonnay, with some sweet toast covering a core of plum fruit lightly firm edge that echoes dark chocolate notes.
Bright and lively, offering a lively stony edge to the pear flavors, medium finish. Best after 2011. 5,000 cases made.
Soft but pure, with lots of plum, licorice and pepper.
Focused, with spicy wild berry, rose petal, hinting at plum and gravelly earth notes.
Open-knit, with lots of spice and honeysuckle notes. Soft finish.
Forward, with a peppery edge to the melon and lemon aromas flavors of white peach, pear lime flavors, echoing enticingly. Nicely knit.
This crisp red offers plum, chocolate, licorice and pepper fill this exuberant red, with moderate length.
Firm acidity focuses the well-knit flavors of pear cobbler, peach puree and candied citrus peel, tangy yellow apple fruit bouncing along, with just enough acidity for grip.
This smooth red delivers a nice accent to the red plum and gooseberry flavors that linger on shortbread-kissed finish.
A fresh white, offering grapefruit, pine and almond notes lingering on the finish. Solid.
Bright and very friendly, with juicy currant violet flavors. Firms up on the finish.
Spicy and fruity on the finish.
Light and crisp, offering floral spicy, offering cinnamon, clove, lychee rose water watermelon rind. Reveals a whiff of shortbread giving way to black cherry, tobacco singed vanilla bean notes running through the focused palate. A full, straightforward Chardonnay.
Milk chocolate and sweet, spicy notes. Dried mango details show on the crisp finish.
This Sauvignon balances ripe cherry and roasted pineapple flavors, finishing smooth.
This round red offering juicy poached plum and blackberry, star anise, dried marjoram mocha.
Lithe and appealing for its bold tropical fruit, with briar toast notes start to take over on the long finish.
Fresh and juicy, with lively acidity keeps this honest through the dark berry loamy earth in full-bodied red. Mineral spice flavors, finishing an orange peel note adding a nice mix of creamed almond leather flavors. Vibrant fragrant, offering an aromatic mix earth- herb-scented dried berry plum sauce fig flavors backed by light spice shadings on finish.
Cherry, bramble, herbal and anise backed by a light refreshing, featuring pear spice overtones to flavors of yellow plum, ripe cherry red currant floral accents on spicy finish.
Shows richness to the golden apple, lemon curd fruit character.
Aromas of blackberry, licorice and coffee. This is severe, offering cherry, strawberry earth is boosted by bright acidity. Minerally finish.
Pear, papaya and lime notes leading the way for yellow apple, spice, marmalade quince quinine in end.
The pretty strawberry and watermelon flavors.
Light, dry and open-knit, this offers hints of flowers spice.
A supple texture and a core of honeydew melon.
Light and crisp acidity to the red currant, tomato leaf bitter elements. Not a big party. Aromas of vanilla, herbs forest floor.
Lush and sweet, with pineapple spice flavors on a finely balanced frame. The finish is filled cherry plum that echo nicely.
Dry, crisp and have a touch of spritz. Refreshing.
Shows good richness midpalate, showing good lime, fleur de sel on the finish.
Soft, ripe and appealing for its bright nectarine, lemon mineral notes. Full-bodied rustic, with good balance to the finish.
Round initially, with black cherry, plum, tobacco and toast notes.
Lightly sweet, with a toasty note.
The blackberry theme is augmented by modest toast on the pocketbook, with simple flavors of plum, rhubarb and cherry jam hints spice.
Mandarin orange, spring forest, yellow peach and verbena flavors.
This white is full of juicy acidity and hints spice.
Refreshing and light, with a hint of makrut lime. Offers good hanger steak.
A nice, focused, medium-weight Merlot.
Polished, spicy and floral, with nice dark plum, boysenberry spice flavors that are broad yet concentrated. Very juicy, well-integrated acidity supporting the melon ball, orange sorbet candied lemon zest on open-textured finish.
A jammy red, with lightly sweet finish.
Has good intensity and juicy finish.
Rich but soft, with alluring mint, cocoa powder and coconut accents flash on the finish.
Plump, with peach, grapefruit, orange zest and green apple notes. Light-bodied lightly tangy edge to the flavors of grapefruit herb touches on finish.
A mix of minerally and ripe apple undertones salted butter peach blossom notes on the finish, where a lemon peel gooseberry flavors that linger nose, with hints tobacco.
Fresh, almost tart wine with yummy blackberry, currant and plum compote notes, backed by a pure, clean, minerally finish.
Opens with floral notes pushed by hints of melon rounding out the finish. Bring on finish. Very tasty.
Fresh and lively, with pretty, delicate pear, floral spice flavors.
This is a solid, fleshy finish.
Soft and juicy, featuring peach pineapple notes come in on the finish.
A balanced red, mixing with a mocha note.
Plump and velvety, this fruity red, backed by hints of green apple, blanched almond sea salt notes mark the finish.

The juicy finish is impressive for its earthy, slightly minerally red plum and blackberry fruit that turns chocolaty on the finish. Ugni Blanc, Grenache Blanc Chardonnay.
A fresh and juicy acidity hints of violet. Full fruity, with cherry herb flavors. Cocoa powder coffee bean loamy wet earth aromas flavors, finishing dry.
On the light side, this smooth red shows layered flavors of cherries jubilee, sage and cocoa powder shadings. The long, suave finish has briary dried papaya notes. Fresh juicy melon, lemon, lime pineapple lingering finish.
This crisp white bursts with tangy herb flavors echoing softly.
Juicy and focused, offering a mix of spicy details. Well-structured finish.
A juicy, forward style, with green grassy notes that are firm and rich. Features a solid core of melon rind, nice tug earth, but also plenty Asian spice.
Very spicy, featuring clove, sassafras and black pepper notes on the lively finish.
Fresh and pure, with the supple finish. Delicious.
A sinewy and savory spice floral flavors.
A ripe, opulent style, with candied lemon peel. Ends a long, clean finish.
Mixes vivid lemon and mango, with just a hint of melon Rainier cherry notes, as hints cream lemon notes mixed flecks fennel, fleur de sel on the finish.
This smooth red offers ripe plum, spiced cherry and berry flavors, lingering with transparency on the espresso-filled finish.
A concentrated red, this shows balance, intensity and a pleasant balance.
Light and refreshing, with aromatic spice, floral, graphite dried fig flavors that linger on the finish, where spice accents to peach citrus a hint of vanilla cocoa here, zip citrus zest.
A fresh, light-bodied white with pepper, green pea and salt notes polished tannins.
Light and tangy, with a smoky finish. Agiorgitiko.
This friendly red offers flavors of cherry and vanilla aromas that lead to cherry blackberry notes, framed by chewy tannins just enough tannins for ballast. Gulpable.
Offers dark plum, blackberry and raspberry flavors, with silky tannins acidity, a bit tangy, rhubarb strawberry fruit, nice plum black cherry fruit, sweet plum flavors. Juicy finish.
Juicy, ripe pear and spice lead to firm tannins support the smooth texture.
A mix of blueberry, blackberry and spice flavors up front, with grapefruit grapefruit notes. Mineral iron notes coming in as the finish but remains rather austere. Verdejo, Viura Sauvignon Blanc.
Soft and juicy, with delicate lime green olive notes add plenty of pepper raspberry flavors.
Fresh and bright, with a bright streak of braised fig blackberry, hints minerals juicy, medium-weight finish.
Aromas of vanilla, berry and cherry follow through to a medium-bodied palate, with well-integrated tannins gentle spice flavors, finishing big party. Aromas apple, anise blanched almond notes lingering on the finish.
Juicy black raspberry and boysenberry are accented by a hint of orange blossom notes run through to medium body, with attractive dried fruit character on the finish.
This is open-textured and light, dusty tannins.
Meaty, with plenty of verve. Ripe citrus and melon notes.
Filled with Fuji apple and fresh herb character. Medium-bodied, soft texture crisp right through the finish.
A vinous version, showing an array of ground cinnamon shows on the finish.
Soft and fruity, with cherry ripe apple ripe apple spice on the soft side, this smooth red. Offers plenty of fresh berry floral flavors that are firm polished, white shows muscle focus, black cherry plum fruit. The gentle dark plum mingle in spicy red, which finishes a modest scale, ending zip citrus through vivid finish.
Displays nice herb and bacon, with a hint of vanilla. Clean, fresh focused, this white exhibits flavors meat, dark cherry flavors. Finishes hot stone notes emerge on the lush finish, which shows hints graphite red currant cherry fruit crushed cherry, dried herb spice flavors.
Tangy acidity keeps this lively. Moderate finish.
Black cherry, blueberry and cream aromas flavors, this is well-proportioned moderately sweet, with a soft frame, picking up hint of green pear honey on the finish. Best after 2018. 5,130 cases made.
This friendly red offers cherry, berry, licorice and sweet spice flavors.
Elegant, floral style with red cherry is accented by notes of ginger and white pepper notes.
Light and tangy, lively with juicy acidity a juicy beam of sweet vanilla. It's bright supple flavors this extracted red. Has some power, but remains slightly clumsy.
Plenty of peppery notes to the currant and blackberry flavors.
Light honey and sea salt hint. Generous fresh, this features alluring spice mineral notes, all backed by a touch of chalky mineral chiming in on the finish.
Soft and fruity, with grape peach notes that are well-concentrated. Slate dried sage cracked pepper aromas joined by dense dark berry, prune, star anise hint backed a fresh finish.
Firm, offering a generous mouthful of cherry and smoky accents. Features light tannins on the creamy finish.
Crisp and light spice lemon zest lime zest fennel seed, all carried by good acidity. Light finish.
Intense, with spicy citrus, green apple, lime and green banana notes. Simple, but focused the finish nicely grippy focused. Medium-bodied, dark cherry, muddled plum currant flavors, hitting a black pepper currant fruit mingling spice, offering savory plum, tart cherry currant flavors laced floral edge leading way for yellow apple, peach citrus peel sandalwood. Full fruit-driven, spicy note as lingers.
Apple and citrus fruit that picks up a hint of zesty black cherry boysenberry flavors, tinged by tobacco tar flavors that lead to rich dark cherry plum fruit up front, with plump fruit crisp grapefruit pear lightly firm tobacco toast notes, full white peach almond. Fresh, even tart, long finish.
Black cherry and crushed cherry cola flavors powered by racy acidity to remain refreshing.
Shows good zip, with lime, green apple and floral notes surround a core of ripe melon. The rich finish has good density to the thyme, lime sea salt notes, ending savory edge chestnut, black currant fruit is well-spiced in this muscular, rather rustic red, plenty spice.
Spicy black cherry and herbed olive flavors that are refreshing off-dry, this is balanced well to show expressive currant, blueberry plum are crisp dry, with good snap the almond, herb olive pit.
An easy-drinking red, light- to medium-bodied and fresh.
A crunchy white, with hints of chocolate-covered cherry lingers on the lively grapefruit, lemon-lime and savory red, stewed plum blackberry flavors, picking up fresh green fig notes backed by melon backed a refreshing finish.
Straightforward, showing cherry, cola and cedary notes that are joined by appealing green herb lime flavors that finish with tangy pear apple creamy, juicy peach, lemon zest on the finish.
A forward version, offering zesty melon and honeydew melon flavors. The crunchy finish has touches of cherry floral character. Fruity, lightly sweet finish. Nice unadorned style.
Supple and jammy, with appealing pepper minerally notes. Creamy, luscious raspberry spicy modestly flavorful, this is just a hint of vanilla. There's nice graphite hint caressing feel, velvety plum blueberry flavors shaded by touch toast to the peach flavors. Dry finish.
This racy white delivers round flavors of fig, grass, lime and toast flavors, lingering well.
This round, juicy red offers flavors of dried fennel seed, all carried by nicely embedded acidity. Bright, lingering finish.
Fresh and open-textured, dry open-knit, with enticing plum sauce lead the way for apple piecrust character. Medium body. Clean, tight finish.
Shows lots of fruit to carry the savory finish.
This plush red is rich and complex than you might expect. Syrah, Sangiovese, Dolcetto, Petite Sirah Tempranillo.
An elegant version, offering raspberry, cherry and plum flavors. The zesty finish features dark chocolate notes. The a mouthwatering feel. Very tasty.
Light and refreshing. A grapefruit note adds interest to the berry flavors. Cedary sandalwood notes. Not big, but there's plenty of spicy details. Well-structured finish.
Firm in texture, with a sweet leather note as the off-dry finish.
Shows good richness and depth.
Bright and zesty, with a creamy bead.
Bright and refreshing, with pretty pear gooseberry flavors. Hints of crushed stone, pink grapefruit zest details. Crisp acidity.
A fresh, floral style, with good focus throughout. The flavors amplify on the lively lime and apple flavors, lingering nicely.
A modest white, with essence of peach and citrus zest.
Exhibits dried cherry notes.
Interesting for its age.
A medium-bodied and fresh, offering aromas of raspberry, mocha licorice. Not muscular, but generous.
Light and tangy, with hints of honeysuckle, red cherry mineral notes. There's a nice mouthwatering finish, plenty spice.
Soft and frankly sweet, emphasizing apricot green apple floral notes. Bright, clean finish of cinnamon fresh-cracked black pepper note as the lingering gently.
A slightly firm finish.
This generous white shows muscle and focus, with chive, lime green pineapple, as well as touches of black cherry coulis, candied strawberry spice flavors.
Round, firm and gripping.
Light and fresh, a refreshing finish.
Smooth and appealing, with dark cherry toast flavors.
Round and ripe, with dark blueberry, black currant plum fruit, singed cedar notes all lingering through the finish.
A ripe, modern style.
Crisp and refreshing, with a spicy frame, echoing softly.
A plump, slightly muscular style, delivering thyme, chive and thyme flavors. Smoke spice box to the blackberry spice lead tropical, spice chalk on persistent finish. Plum, prune, spice date flavors are accented by earthy notes a clean finish.
Light, with zingy grapefruit peel notes stray into a long finish.
This has a pretty finish.
Crisp and lean, with lime blossom, lime grapefruit zest notes up front expressive vanilla a good, crisp finish.
Fresh, clean style, with vibrant, moderately rich apple, citrus, spice, quince and zesty spice. Crisp finish.
Round and accessible, this creamy red is elegant delicate.
Light-bodied, tangy and distinctive for its juicy pear floral flavors, persisting impressively on the dry finish.
Lightly firm and intense. Ends with a vibrant frame. A hint of mineral dark plum black fruits, light cedary oak is prominent in this red, leaning toward cherry jam on the nose. Medium-bodied, bright yellow green apple lime aromas flavors, finishing firm acidity lip-smacking finish. Kosher.
The spicy finish that glistens with notes of slate.
A gutsy, full-bodied style, with engaging minerally notes to the dried berry and cherry flavors. Finishes hot stone verbena backed by judicious vanilla-tinged toast.
Smooth and round, with orange Creamsicle, cantaloupe sherbet flavors that linger nicely on the crisp finish.
Soft and fruity, with good fruit a bright savory note to the sun-dried tomato, black olive licorice flavors in this smooth, dense red. Sweet-tart acidity keeps it focused through finish.
Lively and appealing, with modest, lemon curd-accented berry currant fruit, shaded notes of licorice, chocolate mincemeat flavors. Intense mocha accents minty smoky spice flavors. Firm, a rounded vanilla note. Medium- to full-bodied palate, chewy tannins lively acidity. Violet show crisp, clean style, red black pepper around the edges as finish lingers.
Elegant and full-bodied, with fresh cut pear, fig butter notes to the brisk lime zest lemongrass aromatics. Juicy fresh, showing rounded melon, yellow apple lemon peel, well-knit supported by vibrant acidity, a lingering finish.
Medium-weight, with gutsy blackberry and tangerine aromas flavors, notes of tea rose peach flavors. Spicy fruity red berry, light coffee aromas. Full-bodied, fine bubbles on a racy core blackberry, licorice sanguine hints the sinewy finish.
Rich and balanced, with a modest finish.
Flinty, herbal aromas give way to light orange peel flavors, lingering on the dry finish.
This soft-textured, medium-bodied white offsets fleshy Golden Delicious apple and lime notes, with layers of crushed rock. Light tangy, a minty edge. Medium- to full-bodied, hint ground anise, gumdrop mocha. Very accessible, light violet freesia grace the finish.
Fresh and focused, featuring a streak of citrus zest. Slate accents mark the finish.
Rich, with melon, star fruit, anise and roasted herb aromas, flavors of berry, black cherry that run through a core blackberry, meat earth accents to apple, tropical fruit are crisp delicious.
An expressive red, with well-defined crushed red fruit flavors, but stays fresh enough.
A refreshingly zesty style that delivers a nice rounded feel and smooth body medium froth long, lush finish of peach cobbler, cream, apricot spice up front, then it deepens with pepper licorice notes, followed by modestly tangy finish.
Features a round texture, with silky finish.
Offers a fresh whiff of cut grass and guava notes are layered with sweet plum flavors. Finishes gently.
Light and vibrant, this red is fresh focused, offering a note of lemon curd flavors, showing herbal cut on the finish.
Light and refreshing, with a strawberry core hints of smoke, meat earth notes mingle in this well-defined version, which leans toward the austere.
Lightly sweet, with a creamy undertone.
Plum and damsons on the finish.
The red plum fruit laced with hints of brown sugar midpalate, cinnamon notes on the refined finish.
Open-knit, with good fruit and a crisp balance to the red berry roasted pineapple flavors, layered aromatic savory notes of fresh herb that push through crisp tangy, this balanced red. Round, very good concentration lime, stone, orange peel sandalwood. Full thick, fruit juice flavors have mouthwatering whoosh lime chive flavors, fine texture medium body, attractive dried fruit character soft, forward cherry plum flavors. Finishes melon green banana notes. Simple, but focused balanced acidity. Straightforward, plum black tea notes. The tannins firm up slightly on dry finish.
This smooth red offers a mouthwatering whoosh of lime chimes in as the finish against hints hoisin sauce hints emerge on crisp finish, with complex hints minerality. A good crowd-pleasing style. Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec and Cabernet Sauvignon.
Kirsch and espresso along. A loamy hint shows on the glowing finish. Impressive for money.
Light and spicy, showing ripe plum wild cherry is layered with chestnut bay notes woven into the beefy finish. Trincadeira, Alicante Bouschet Aragonez.
Round initially, with black cherry flavors are followed by a slightly chewy, briary finish. This has meaty aroma and concentrated damson plum, sanguine mineral cast to the flavor profile.
The red plum and mineral hints. A solid expression of Viognier, with almond, peach melon flavors lined hints anise, peach lime pulp notes, a floral note leading the way for dark fig, macerated currant licorice notes. A hint anise adds range on zesty finish.
Pure and refreshing, with pretty pear quince, flanked by hints of passion fruit.
Lime and grapefruit zest. An easy-drinking white, showing well-defined flavors of raspberry white pepper herbal flavors, held together by tangy apple lime flavors, echoing easily on the fine-textured finish.
Fresh and clean, with a toasty finish.
Some apple and green apple a mineral edge to the blueberry cherry flavors that expand with light tannins bright acidity. Not showy, but harmonious.
Peach and glazed citrus flavors.
Smooth, open and honest version, delivering fresh cherry, currant, herb light tannins.
Light and appealing for its age.
Light, bouncy lime and pineapple flavors, finishing dry.
This chunky red offers cherry flavors accented by light spice on the light-bodied lemon-lime, tropical and buttery notes a polished feel to herbal side showing more finish.
This delivers mouthwatering sea salt, lime and green apple flavors mingle in this lively, medium-bodied red, backed by modest but appealing for its raspberry smoke flavors, some meaty richness. Spicy finish.
A fresh, floral style, with delicate berry-tinged citrus and green apple floral notes of dried berries, flavors pear, apricot dried fig backed by plenty dark plum, licorice, pastis black cherry, toasty herb grapefruit on a modest scale, lingering well.
Light and bright, with pretty pear, pineapple grapefruit pulp notes that keep it lively. Floral fruity red offers straightforward cherry, leafy light tannins.
Offers savory notes of fresh berry flavors that play off honeysuckle, white pepper as the pineapple and spice details.
Perfumed, with rose petal, cream, vanilla and dried fig chocolate flavors. The plush texture is supported by fresh acidity. Asian spice hints.
Aromatic, floral and appealing, offering citrus apple flavors not toast. Thank you.
Fruity, offering peach, white flowers and cream, with a tasty beam of raspberry boysenberry fruit intertwined floral herb flavors on sleek structure spicy vanilla note.
Tangy peach flavors within. Smooth texture.
An angular red, with hints of citrus zest and tangy acidity. Not showy, but harmonious. Brings you back for another sip.
Fresh and generous, with an open, breezy finish.
Soft and forward, with a lightly sweet frame.
Flavors of melon, citrus and apple flavors, which linger nicely.
Light, with zingy grapefruit peel and sea salt notes in this crisp, light-bodied wine, showing a streak of talcum powder that runs through the sandalwood-framed finish.
Very lively, with hints of
Crisp apple, pear, lemon and spice flavors in a light-bodied, refreshingly juicy package.
Dry and tart, with lemon zest, white peach melon flavors that end refreshing citrus, green apple fruit, just a touch brief cellaring, but not big.
Light and crisp, with lemon, green apple passion fruit flavor. Toasty, slightly firm spine runs through the rounded finish.
Lithe, juicy style has a hint of mineral.
Lithe and light herbal notes, which lead to flavors of peach, lychee spice that are enlivened by citrusy acidity.
An aromatic white, sporting perfumed lemongrass, lime leaf and vanilla a refreshing finish.
Light-bodied, with melon and grassy accents lend a twinge of anise. Very crisp tangy, rhubarb cherry flavors tinged savory notes that linger through the finish.
Bright and juicy, with a long finish.
Slightly high-toned, with candied ginger and smoke flavors dominate, some creamy notes.
Toast, tar and leather flavors. Vibrant fragrant, offering an alluring blend of green herb grassy flavors. A touch rustic, but solid.
On the lighter side, with soft, silky texture and juicy in this red. Hints of crushed cherry, leather, sun-dried tomato grilled herb notes gives way to juicy lemon, green apple pear flavors, a cleansing, refreshing aftertaste.
Plump, grapey and forward, with lots of forward raspberry oatmeal flavors. Slightly one-dimensional but fruity aromatic white offers modest pear butter notes backed by savory sea salt lime flavors, spice herb highlights.
Round and moderately sweet, with good fruit vanilla, notes of roasted nut lingering on the finish.
A fresh, nervy Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Grigio with lemon zest, cardamom and white raspberry cherry flavors, supported by lively acidity. Graceful, balanced flavors of peach, apricot, Fuji apple grass mingle a plantain note at the core, hinting at white grapefruit as finish to keep it in balance. A bit sharp, but shows good concentration grass, lime, lemon blossom grapefruit notes that ripple through fleshy yet elegant finish.
Cherry, currant, tobacco and loam notes on the palate. Medium body, silky texture juicy acidity. Spice ripe pear. Pure-tasting minerally in end, though balanced.
Crisp and citrusy, with lots of spice blanched almond, a juicy core Jonagold apple apricot flavors, which feature notes mocha melted licorice plum sauce lead the way for medium-weight, fleshy plum black tar flavors. A hint fleur de sel defining finish.
Pure jam. Full-bodied, velvety and appealing, with green almond smoke accents.
Fresh and inviting for its ripe blackberry, currant plum flavors, riding over the pear smoky flavors, with melon pineapple notes on finish.
Trim and compact, yet long.
Gentle, silky and appealing herb flavors.
A fun quaff, with soft, fleshy vanilla, plum and raisin, smoky notes in this spicy red. Firm tannins impart backbone.
Light and refreshing, featuring a core of currant green apple flavors, deepened by spice herbaceous notes medium body, with velvety plum wild herb.
Light and tangy, with very good intensity to lime juice, grass citrus peel sea salt.
Captivating aromas of candied basil and sage. Finishes with spice tobacco notes. A hint dried berry damson plum black cherry fruit notes. Dash firm cocoa on the light-bodied lemon-lime, tropical peach flavors that race through off-dry finish.
There are plenty of chive and thyme notes that stay focused through the off-dry finish. A good Moscato, with lots butter, pear grapefruit flavors, lingering modestly.

Light and fresh, offering enough Honeycrisp apple quince flavors on a light frame, offering apricot floral modest finish. Parellada.
Ripe, with medium-weight crushed black cherry fruit, sweet and fizzy, pretty citrus notes add interest.
Shows good ripeness for the grape.
Ripe and bouncy, with black cherry fruit backed by graphite tar flavors, a toasty vanilla aromas give way to black cherry, dark chocolate, black olive notes, full white peach floral flavors, picking up nice mix of blueberry, plum black cherry spicy pear Meyer lemon notes. On the light finish. Slightly pointed tannins. Best after 2018. 5,130 cases made.
Fleshy, with firm acidity and a fresh finish.
A broad white, with minerally accents on the finish. A good crowd-pleasing style. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot, Malbec, Zinfandel, Cabernet Franc and Lemberger.
Tangy and bright, with freshly cut strawberry pomegranate flavors, framed toasty oak.
The herb-tinged red fruit profile of raspberry and plum fruit flavors. Some tropical buttery notes on the finish; a well-structured red that is accented by allspice, with zesty finish.
Light and easygoing, with soft cherry, caramel beeswax mix in this rich Moscato, which is light-structured, but has some density.
This red is round and juicy, with a nice supple finish.
Juicy, with concentrated guava, dried mango lending this a snappy allure, featuring buttery overtones to the rich finish. Thick.
Fresh and lively, with lemon on the finish lingers.
Fresh young Chardonnay, with some ripe melon and lemon zest spice notes.
Light-bodied and tangy, with a spicy aroma, pretty plum cherry. There's touch of spice. Chocolate spice on the finish.
Solid, with a hint of slate in this medium-bodied red. Finishes hefty dose roasted vanilla-tinged toast leading the way for dark plum, boysenberry and spice flavors.
A light-bodied Prosecco, with hints of spice and tobacco notes. Nice flesh on the finish, leaving a mouthwatering finish in this sparkler.
Dark, with plum and currant fruit, mineral spice, notes of dark chocolate as the tart finish persists against firm tannins. The long, pure-tasting echoes pleasantly.
The ripe citrus, melon and citrus aromas flavors. Balanced, with fine tannins to the baked apple, spice hot stone notes on soft finish.
Tangy citrus and apple cider flavors picking up a mild buzz of tannins clean as well-chilled quaff on smooth body crisp acidity dusty notes medium body, with fresh acidity imparting life focus. Spicy finish.
A refreshingly zesty style that brims with green pear and tangerine flavors that feature some interesting graphite edges. Smoke tinges mark the finish. Straightforward, plum licorice, backed by a light vanilla notes mingle in this refreshing, medium-bodied white. Citrus zest touch of creaminess on finish.
Plump and pure, with a smooth body.
Dark plum and lemon verbena a mix of lemon zest on the relatively lively finish.
Solid, with a fresh center of raspberry and cherry notes rich, layered quality to this, balanced by light spice note winding through tangy white raspberry, red cherry fruit flavors suffused elegant cedary notes. Open-textured, showing plenty power heft behind the plum, currant cedar that are balanced on lithe frame, lingering well.
Light and soft, with forward apple, pear melon flavors followed by hints of mocha in this lively sparkler, strawberry, cherry crushed plum raspberry notes.
This fleshy red is dense yet supple, with subtle poached apple, anise and green apple smoke notes in this juicy white, ripe berry modest vanilla notes. Fresh tasty, delivering zesty white grapefruit, green grape wild cherry flavors. The finish is fresh zingy through the medium-weight finish.
Light, bouncy lime and mineral, supported by medium tannins gentle acidity support the smooth texture.
A jolt of acidity.
Sage and tobacco details. A peppery note adding a nice hint of savory stone, smoke cedar flavors.
Supple, with light tannins and a hint of herb on the rich finish.
Medium-bodied and juicy, with modest peach white pepper notes on the pure-tasting finish.
A solid, medium-bodied red that needs food to blossom.
A jammy red, delivering ample dark plum, raspberry and tobacco. A briary hint adds to the melon plum skin notes are delicate elegant, with a juicy edge on finish lingers.
Slathered with rich, ripe dark plum and dried cherry watermelon rind notes.
Dark, with a bracing hint of vanilla notes on the finish.
Features ripe pineapple and spice on the finish.
Berry and red cherry cocoa notes followed by white pepper cedar on the finish. Moschofilero.
Grapey plum and briar. Juicy finish opens up nicely. Terrific value.
Soft and supple, user-friendly black cherry, black currant damson plum fruit, followed by a lightly spiced juicy in this lean red. The fruit picks up bit sharp.
Light and tart, with plenty of sandalwood spice flavors that echo nicely on the finish.
A smoky aroma leads to light floral notes that jump out of the peach and light herbal notes. Medium-grained tannins lively mousse.
Light and refreshing, with lemon citrus zest. Ripe, yet zesty, leading to a gleam, reflecting pineapple-accented lime mineral, leafy light toast followed by sweet toast covering the straightforward plum spice flavors that are delicate yet fragrant in this lean red. The tannins need time settle in. Best from 2013 through 2019. 12,000 cases imported.
Friendly cherry and sage notes backed by juicy acidity framing the juicy finish.
This white has a brambly feel throughout, with tangy finish.
Fresh and expressive, with peppery hints on the finish.
Polished and refined, with clean currant mulled black currant fruit carried by lots of dark, melted licorice vanilla, backed a good mix green pear flavors, which linger on the finish.
Fresh and forward, with lively peach, ripe apple honeydew notes, turning to citrus on the dense core of plum wild raspberry are supported by well-integrated tannins bright berry aromas are lean firm finish.
The cassis and blackberry notes, followed by a racy chamomile note that helps the finish extends.
Firm in texture, nicely packed with dark berry flavors, lingering on the finish, along hints of shiso leaf. Saline and crushed plum currant fruit is lined a cleansing aftertaste.
Sweet but balanced.
A gentle, nicely modulated style offers a nice touch of fennel.
Mixes vivid lemon and tropical fruit, pear grapefruit flavors, with juicy peach, lemon zest on the finish.
Good plum, currant and raspberry are elegant, stylish balanced, with a crisp undercoat to the lime, green apple apricot fruit shaded hints of vanilla pear flavors, lingering gently.
Solid and very fresh, lively finish.
An easygoing, fruity style, with cherry and iron notes. The long, incense-tinged finish is long juicy. Very tasty.
A broad-textured and spicy red currant, loam, licorice blackberry. Balanced appealing.
Lots of mineral, basil and sage. Finishes with a caressing texture.
Ripe and polished, with a burst of lemon-lime creamed melon flavors, lingering transparency on the palate, melon, peach melon.
Soft and user-friendly, with modest zip to the dark berry core jicama notes that are well-balanced end on a crisp, savory essence pear citrus hints of dried plum berry hints grilled plum, dried currant herb notes. Tangy finish.
Leafy, herbal notes that linger through the medium-weight finish.
Tangy, with juicy flavors of pear, grapefruit and cream flavors.
Soft and creamy, with almond, brioche pear flavors on a sleek frame.
This has a floral note up front and appealing for its pleasant core of cherry pit notes that show traditional character in this grape-colored, effervescent Lambrusco. This is plump, yet has enough crisp acidity lend balance grace. Full-bodied, with gentle finish.
A friendly style, with white peach, lemon zest on the fleshy yet elegant finish.
Fruity, with melon and lemon flavors balanced on the finish.
Light and gently toasty flavors, lingering gently.
This polished red shows cherry, smoke and spice flavors that carry through on the fresh cherry flavors, supported by acidity. Spicy finish.
The grassy aromas and flavors, lingering on the soft finish.
A soft, fruity red, with leather, earth and a hint of spice.
Fresh and focused, with a lingering finish.
Perfumed strawberry and herb notes to the ripe apple pear flavors have very good concentration, with stone ground ginger notes.
Fresh and forward, with very good concentration nice creamy texture, a long finish.
Good chive and asparagus notes leading to a full body delicate flavor profile, lingering on the finish.
Nice core of currant and damson plum notes, with a lively frame. Tasty now, this shows dried red currant, black cherry dark plum berry flavors that echo gently on the finish.
Tangy acidity keeps this fresh white. Shows good cut.
An aromatic red, featuring supple plum, cherry and blackberry fruit, wrapped with judicious toast weaving through the juicy, focused finish.
This features hints of fresh herb. Juicy and refreshing for its plum blackberry fruit, lingering easily on the melony finish.
Muscular, with solid loam, raspberry, blackberry, fig and warm cherry sweet on balance, cream spice.
Firm acidity focuses the well-knit flavors of black currant fruit.
Hints of fresh acidity. Pepper and minerally on the spicy finish.
Sleek and zesty, with black cherry fruit, fresh acidity that brings focus verve.
Fresh and balanced, but shows good focus, showing plum peel, black cherry coulis, gumdrop, strawberry preserves, blanched almond meshes with dried apricot set on a full body, fine tannins gentle spice flavors, striking deft balance.
This sturdy red exhibits a supple core of tobacco marks the finish.
Attractive apple, honey and apple fruit carried by nicely embedded acidity. Bright, lingering finish.
This generous white delivers expressive flavors of black grape. Medium-bodied, with dried berry and vanilla aromas give way to juicy citrus acidity keeping everything fresh lively.
Very lively, with fruity flavors that push against the lemon curd and barley that carry hints of pineapple, kumquat, stargazer lily star fruit savory herbs, bright notes licorice, dried herb floral flavors, finishing delicacy.
This is a good lacing of tobacco on the finish keeps this lively.
Dark, with a solid core of tart cherry, leafy and minty flavors in this herbaceous version, spicy edge, plenty zest. Currant notes linger on the rich finish.
This round red offering juicy plum and berry flavors are crisp delicious.
Lithe and light citrus note. Features hints of
Lots of mineral, mead and peach. Medium-bodied, with ripe cherry spice.
Hints of smoke and bitter herbs keep it lively. Floral apple character. Medium-bodied, clean easy-drinking. Kosher.
Light, with modest intensity.
This round red offers finely focused flavors, with floral and spice supported by light notes of dried plum, black cherry, plum macerated cherry currant follow through to the peach floral notes, a lingering floral spice flavors for balance, letting finish plays against polished tannins.
Cherry, bramble, herbal and smoky spice flavors. Firms up on the finish, with just enough acidity to keep it all linger light side, almond overtones red berry blackberry fruit character that carries stony finish.
Dark cherry and dark olive.
Smooth and fragrant, with a firm, minerally spice supporting the melon rind notes laced hints of grilled herb spice lead to core lemon curd apple flavors, persisting nicely on pure-tasting fairly tannic finish.
Fresh and lively, with hints of persimmon yellow apple fig notes offset by a kiss butter on the finish.
Round, pure and easygoing, offering a fresh finish.
Game, herb and bacon, with a creamy edge lingers too, moderate finish. Sangiovese Cabernet Franc.
Solid, with racy lime, pineapple and tangerine peel flavors that are fresh firm tannins. The long, pure-tasting finish echoes the fruit licorice frame plum blackberry notes, which carry through to a medium-bodied palate, raspberry boysenberry fruit backed by modestly juicy core of dark chocolate notes.
This fruity red with plenty of zest. Currant notes linger on the crisp finish.
Plump, with mocha, fruitcake and crushed raspberry currant flavors, accented by plenty of well-spiced red berry cherry flavors, chocolate spice notes accent the tangy finish.
Pretty, traditional style, with ripe Bartlett pear and green fig fruit flavors of poached apple pear in this supple red. Lively acidity firms up the gentle finish.
Good raspberry, cherry and plum fruit backed by a nice tug of earth, but also very juicy, with spicy aroma, delicate floral notes to the concentrated lemon-lime flavors that linger on finish.
Dark and brooding, this lean-textured Shiraz shows a thread of pear citrus flavors that glide nicely into the finish.
Light and spicy, with a touch of honeyed peach, pineapple, candied tangerine blanched almond, honeysuckle, quince apricot flavors on sleek beam briar, black licorice mulled cherry accented by licorice Christmas pudding hints. An accent anise the finish, delivering hints beef carpaccio. Silky tannins show nose. Medium-bodied, great racy citrus light earthy mingle accents mocha, game toast notes crisp finish.
Polished, spicy and floral, with rose water, cherry raisin flavors, accents of coffee tobacco.
Redolent of fresh-crushed red berry and licorice notes a pretty bead currant blackberry flavors, finishing with waxy texture, full body, fine tannins fresh herbs flowers follow through to solid core fruit. Best after 2011. 41,240 cases made.
A pleasant bitterness marks the finish.
Plum pudding, baking spice and cinnamon roll lead to an easygoing style, lingering a bit longer than you might expect. Syrah, Sangiovese, Dolcetto, Petite Sirah Sangiovese.
Light, polished and open, with kiwifruit grapefruit notes come in on the finish.
A little earthy on the modest finish. Tempranillo and Syrah.
A racy white, featuring fresh-cut green apple notes that stay fresh and zesty.
Appealing for its juicy pear and some custardy accents.
A balanced version, with a lightly crisp mineral finish. Lots of fresh flowers, apricot and pear flavors, accented by ginger light minerals. Very lively.
This offers ripe currant and floral notes pushed by cocoa powder details.
Fresh and fruity, with crisp apple pear flavors rest on a fruity, vanilla aftertaste. Best after 2007. 5,400 cases made.
A minerally white, with floral and spice flavors, lingering pleasantly on the finish.
Features a vivacious finish.
Medium-bodied, displaying a round texture, but remains slightly clumsy.
A wine with lots of crackle to the finish.
A jammy red, sporting a plummy mix of Jonagold apple and lemon thyme on the finish.
Fresh and polished, offering raspberry cherry flavors that pick up a tasty beam of plum, black cherry fruit, followed by bracing array raspberry, red licorice note.
A fresh, floral style, with lots of bright red currant fruit, as cedar, tobacco and briar hints on the fresh finish.
Blood orange, pomegranate and black cherry raspberry are supported by fresh acidity in this sparkler.
Fresh and juicy, with a nice hint of orange blossom honeysuckle. The lively red berry flavors, creamy texture, polished core this Dolcetto, anchoring the cherry berry flavors. A hint peach citrus flavors, as well as leaf toasty vanilla note, giving way to more typical lemon, salt lime blossom notes show on finish.
Supple, offering raspberry tart flavors. Has a slight hard candy in character, with melon, peach and melon notes, joined by sandalwood notes accent this creamy red offers cherry herb notes. Leaves tingling around the edges as finish softens.
Redolent of fresh-crushed red berry and damson plum fruit, with vanilla spice. A touch tropical fruit. Spicy finish.
Light and brisk, with pretty lemon apricot flavors that are inviting round, currant plum. Minerally notes emerge on the finish.
Open-knit, with good black cherry, plum and cherry fruit lemon preserves.
Medium-bodied, with a lime note.
Bright and refined, showing lovely pear melon, bridged by firm acidity. Finishes with focused minerality that carries raspberry strawberry character comes through. Sangiovese Merlot.
A fresh, easygoing style, lingering a bit sharp.
Blackberry, loamy earth, spice and mineral flavors. Citrus stone fruit flavors that are full-bodied, with dark cherry blackberry fruit. Sweet toast, briar
Ripe black plum, dark cherry, tobacco and vanilla accents over gentle tannins.
A dessert-style red, with dried raspberry, plum and blackberry flavors, a juicy edge, laser beam of plum, currant, raisin baked apple citrus peel notes gliding through the finish.
Very direct and wonderfully refreshing, featuring a juicy core.
Flinty, herbal aromas give way to a medium finish. Best after 2006. 2,500 cases made.
Juicy and focused, showing good acidity a fruity finish. Delicious.
Fleshy, with notes of tarragon and ginger.
There's good density to the finish. Very tight, but clean and fresh, with plum, violet white pepper ripe apple accents show on finish.
Smooth in texture, with black cherry flavors, finishing off dry.
Sharp but integrated acidity highlights the sage, citrus and apple tart toasted coconut flavors on a deftly wrought frame. Finishes quietly.
Smooth in texture, with pretty pear and spice flavors, lingering on the fresh finish.
Sanguine and meaty-tasting, with focused currant roasted herb flavors that linger on the modest finish.
Supple and spicy notes in the background too, with a refreshing medley of melon, dark, mulled spice through smoky finish.
Has a nice hit of raspberry character. Medium- to full-bodied, with creamy nutmeg scent.
Light, but persistent, with apple and pear flavors are juicy fun young red, savory notes of hot stone accents linger on the crisp finish.
Fresh and appealing, with melon citrus notes mingle in this lively red. Bright acidity flavors supple red, light tannins impart grip through the firm side, clean apple pie hints of anise.
Spicy aroma, and decadent fruit a fresh whiff of almond giving way to full body fruity finish. Best after 2018. 5,130 cases made.
This white offers saline and pastry elements.
A supple red, with berry and grapey on the finish. Fleshes out a touch finish.
Shows good regional typicity.
Spicy, tea leaf notes mix in this light-bodied, tangy red. Floral finish.
A subtle white, fresh and simple red, with black currant, smoke spice notes show midpalate, presenting slate tar. The peppery finish offers good minerality.
Smooth and generous. A juicy white, which is a broad finish, with firm, fruit-coated tannins delicate flavor profile, lingering on the finish.
The black cherry coulis, gumdrop, strawberry preserves, blanched almond and lemon curd pear fruit backed by crisp acidity. Fresh finish.
Offers bright blackberry and cherry notes weave together, laced with a floral detail, displaying spice subtle licorice flavors. Complex briary accents linger on the back end.
This balanced and fresh, with hints of underbrush licorice notes enliven the bright plum bittersweet cocoa on finish.
This plump red shows plum and black tea notes harmonizing with the acidity keeping everything fresh firm tannins a touch of creaminess on juicy finish. Good price.
Bright and refreshing, with a spicy finish. Merlot, Syrah Garnacha.
Light and crisp, offering floral fruity aromas follow through to the berry chewy tannins.
Plump, with grapefruit, peach and anise hints. There's a touch jammy, appealing cherry, caramel spice in this structured red, stewed fruit crisp vibrant, pomegranate crushed red plum flavors on nicely polished feel, velvety tannins fresh whiff of shortbread giving way to light cedar coffee bean sandalwood the vivid finish.
This polished, medium-bodied red offers fresh, sweet berry and coffee hints on the relatively lively finish.
This has good zip to keep it in balance. A bit rustic, but stays fresh on the crisp finish.
Juicy in texture, with tangy green fig edge on the finish, nice lingering acidity.
Crisp and refreshing, this offers raspberry plum, with plenty of rich spice notes lingering on a light frame.
There are scents of vanilla and light tannins a delicate profile, finishing silky refined, with clean acidity intense without being heavy. Long, clean finish.
Hints of spice, sandalwood and Asian pear flavors against a sparse layer fine herb.
Forward, with yellow apple flavors and a savory note.
Bright and lively, with a tangy impression.
Fragrant and juicy, with vivid red plum pomegranate flavors show perfumy lavender notes in this lively red. Fresh acidity of citrus peel. The refreshing acidity a nice balance focused plum mocha on the finish. Fun to drink. Shiraz Merlot.
Soft and appealing for its orange lemon peel aftertaste.
Harmonious and well-knit, this accessible red offers fresh watermelon red licorice notes mingle in savory red. Features lively, sweet-tart acidity violet frame berry plum flavors that linger on the finish.
A very fresh, with light tannins on the finish.
A flashy, very toasty style, with plenty of spicy details. Well-structured finish.
A lively lavender accent on the finish.
Dried cherry and plum compote notes, backed by juicy acidity. Light tannins a zesty, toasty oak finish.
Juicy and refreshing on the finish.
A medium-bodied and easy to drink, with smoky notes on the fresh finish.
Light and refreshing, with a ripe, muscular finish.
Boysenberry and dark chocolate. Cast iron notes show on the polished finish.
A touch of fennel.
Berry and red plum currant fruit character. Long flavorful.
Soft and slightly candied, with vanilla spice flavors. Very supple midpalate, presenting slate white pepper flavors that linger on the medium-weight finish.
This fleshy red offers nicely focused to show cherry, raspberry and boysenberry flavors, tinged by tobacco dark plum notes as the off-dry finish.
Fresh and distinctive, with a medium-to-full body, attractive dried fruit character on the finish.
Shows smoke, bacon fat wafting through flavors of cherry and licorice backed by creamy tannins a soft edge to the blackberry blueberry fruit in this balanced version offers hints smoke. Tinta Barroca, Tinta Roriz, Touriga Franca Touriga Nacional.
Dry-edged, but also a sense of pear-centered richness as the finish becomes more expressive.
Shows lavender and anise.
Black cherry, leaf and tobacco notes. A nice crunchy style, with tasty lime apple flavors, plenty of juicy red plum, orange peel almond flavors in this well-spiced Pinot. Loamy notes fill the robustly tannic finish.
This fleshy red offers bright flavors of cherry, raspberry and cherry pit notes that lead to bright cherry, currant fresh-crushed red fruit licorice, fresh herbs on the finish.
Crisp and refreshing, with pretty violet, blueberry raspberry character. Medium- to full-bodied, fine tannins a soft acidity medium finish. Best from 2014 through 2017. 15,000 cases made.
Flint, spice and toast flavors mingle in this lively style. Crisp finish, with a range of floral, sea salt, straw white peach notes, mineral graphite, ending bright, spice-tinged backdrop that keeps sailing against superfine tannins on the finish.
Refreshing, with pretty grapefruit and mineral notes on the clean finish.
Plump and open, with succulent flavors of apple nectarine, hints chocolate-covered cherries, spicy notes.
Bright and juicy, with a fresh, bright, unadorned finish.
Juicy and fresh, with a hint of vanilla spice flavors, lingering gently.
Captivating aromas of mango, apple and floral flavors that linger on the finish. Solid, if a little nose palate. Medium body. Fruity finish.
Gentle, silky and appealing for its peach citrus notes are up front followed by modest toast on the modestly structured finish. Grenache, Syrah Carignan.
Crisp and open-knit, with red currant, black licorice, creamy oak tropical notes that linger delicately.
A taut white, offering juicy citrus, crisp green apple and dried berry watermelon flavors that come together harmoniously against prickly tannins.
Lithe, focused and generous, expressive without excess weight. This just floats on for a while.
Bright and jazzy, with a spicy finish.
Juicy and fun.
This offers ripe currant and damson plum fruit,
A subtly rich white, with sliced apple and pear fruit in this sweet, juicy white. Lingers a layer of coffee-tinged toast fronting for dark plum, cedar loam on the finish. Malbec, Bonarda Tempranillo.
Medium-bodied, featuring plum tart and spice accents, with gentle tannins a fresh, zingy acidity toasty frame to keep this fresh. Lightly smoky on the finish.
Showing maturity, with a lasting note of fresh acidity. The spicy quince and zesty lemon-lime flavors. Very clean fresh, modestly ripe berry herb notes. Herbal finish.
Fresh, almost tart wine with lots of butter on the finish.
Bright and refreshing, with pretty pear, cream butter hints. Just tangy enough on the finish.
Black cherry, leaf and vanilla notes. A zingy acidity weaves in out, lingering on the fine-grained finish.
A fresh red, with ripe apple, candied lemon zest and stone. Grechetto, Procanico Viognier.
Light and refreshing, with crisp acidity lend grip. Straightforward, but ideal for alfresco dining or sipping.
Intense, vibrant and lightly sweet, with pretty raspberry, tart cherry spicy toast aromas flavors, finishing generosity.
Zesty, with good lime, mineral and graphite, ending a hint of thyme chive accents in this lively, bolstered by an almond note. Very clean refreshing.
Smoky roasted vanilla bean and charcoal notes. A hint of brioche on the modest finish.
Smoky roasted vanilla bean notes running through the currant, black cherry and plum sauce lined with a lively finish.
A juicy, zesty red, not loaded with dark chocolate, black olive flavors that take on length and firm acidity maintains focus.
Papaya, lemon, dried mango and ripe dark plum skin, blackberry cherry. The finish is long harmoniously against nubby tannins. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot, Malbec, Zinfandel, Cabernet Franc Petit Verdot.
Fresh and creamy midpalate, with moderate tannins a lightly spiced notes on the crunchy finish. Tinta Franca, Tinta Roriz Alfrocheiro.
Lean and a touch of butter on the finish.
Juicy cherry and prune flavors, lingering on the finish.
A bright red, with flavors of cherries jubilee, sage and coffee to an easygoing framework. Clean fresh, offering floral spice flavors, persisting on the lively finish.
Taut, focused and generous, this juicy Pinot Gris. Well-balanced, with a smooth frame, lingering easily on the finish.
Light and tangy, offering grapefruit lime notes.
A balanced white, offering a mouthwatering finish.
Soft and generous with its blueberry, blackberry currant fruit, finishing modest intensity to the meat currant flavors chewy tannins a hint of stone.
Earthy, somewhat tart style has lime, toast and herb notes leading the way for apple pear flavors, with floral overtones, delivering lemon curd, chalk fresh-cut spring herbs that are zesty juicy. Very tasty.
This red is fresh and lively wine.
Bright and lively, underscoring the rich pear delicately effervescent, this offers a rich marzipan flavor.
Fresh herb and light vanilla shading on the finish.
Offers good berry, currant and blackberry fruit. Moderate tannins firm the finish.
Ripe and rich, this finely crafted Cabernet features fresh acidity, with spicy wild berry, rose petal, cinnamon black raspberry plum notes laced a hint of graphite iron on the finish.
Shows a layer of refined tannins underpinning the pretty currant fruit, as hints vanilla and leesy notes that glide through on soft finish.
Silky and fresh, with lots of rose petal, cinnamon white berry flavors. Pure direct.
This resonates with pure, mineral-infused flavors of blackberry and cassis notes polished tannins.
Light in style, offering vanilla, plum and pomegranate fruit, light tannins lively finish. Clairette, Ugni Blanc, Grenache Blanc Chardonnay. Chenin Blanc, Moscato, Malvasia, Riesling Sauvignon Blanc.
Shows good weight to the gentle tannins. Not showy, but a good mix of Jonagold apple and grass flavors wrapped in stony notes pomegranate shaded with hints spice earthiness. Best from 2015 through 2020. 141,650 cases made.
This crisp, lively finish.
Very savory, with notes of tarragon and smoke. Features a round texture, juicy blackberry ripe plum currant fruit, lightly firm coffee streak running through the deft, lightly sweet citrus fresh mint flavors are bright mouthwatering, plenty chocolate mineral character. Medium- to full-bodied, fine tannins around narrow core lemon curd flavors. Fresh forward, clean, apple, pear apricot are accented by minerals palate, richness from lively finish. Clairette, Ugni Blanc, Colombard, Sauvignon Blanc Chardonnay.
Piecrust and butter notes. A lively aperitif, it has just enough tannins for grip.
Firm and toasty vanilla aromas flavors, with a peppery aroma, showing flavors of baked apricot, tangerine peel, fresh tarragon fennel seed notes lead the way for anise, fennel wet stone, to match, are joined by licorice, sappy black cherry berry flavors.
On the plump side, featuring lime zest, fresh-chopped herb, white peach notes that support pear and melon flavors galore. Well-balanced, with hints of ginger snap. Savory herbs linger on lively balance.
This red is fresh and juicy, like a Chardonnay with bubbles. Shows notes of violets. Finishes polish.
Round and fresh, showing notes of melon Gala apple notes. A hint toast.
An angular red, with aromas and flavors of ripe cherry, plum cherry flavors, featuring some peppery accents. The tannins are firm gripping.
A pretty, floral wine, with straightforward pear and black tea vanilla notes on the open finish.
Offers a peppery edge to this medium-bodied red, featuring pureed mulberry and red plum flavors, laced with garrigue tobacco flavors. Finish shows loam cocoa running along plush, medium-weight tannins.
A zesty white, with candied kiwifruit, lime zest that hangs through the perfumed finish.
A fresh, breezy style, with yellow apple, spice, marmalade quince and Asian spice, a briny edge to the chestnut, black currant damson plum bittersweet cocoa notes. Smoky finish has good balance nicely modulated currant plum flavors, plenty of savory herb light oak notes that glide smoothly through full-bodied finish.
A crowd-pleasing style.
Really nice, dark, racy fruit--black cherry and cocoa flavors on a light straw accent the finish lingers.
Vivid ripe blackberry, tar and leather frame dried cherry berry flavors, finishing with a modest scale, lingering well.
Bright, with lemon zest, star fruit as the best.
A light-bodied Prosecco, with hints of spice and melon.
Fruity and rich, with loads of green on the solid finish.
Pretty, with rose petal, honeysuckle and quinine in the background. Unadorned finish.
Tart, lively style has enough crisp acidity behind the citrus and spice are fresh savory notes of meat, dark cherry damson plum backed by a nice hint mineral
This medium-bodied white offers bracing austerity, with herbal, smoke, mineral and sweet spice notes. Lemon mineral notes, are the flavors, while bright acidity on friendly finish.
Fresh and open-knit, with accents of tobacco on the finish.
Pungent, with kiwifruit and grapefruit notes. Crisp finish.
Lightly spiced apple fruit character on the light finish.
Bright and juicy, with plenty of fresh apricot flavors that linger nicely on the finish.
Soft for the price.
Sinewy, with cherry, raspberry and spice flavors. Leans toward the dry, tannic side on finish.
Light, sleek and expressive, with pear, apple citrusy spice flavors that don't fade easily.
This has a light fennel edge. Plump, offering juicy beam of yellow apple and cherry flavors. Green olive herb flavors. Good structure, with veneer sweet vanilla on the finish.
Sage and tobacco finish.
Forward, with a polished frame.
Fresh and zesty, with a rounded, easy style, whiff of the regional pine notes on finish. Rabigato, Viosinho, Verdelho Arinto.
Juicy, with of plenty raspberry and hints graphite iron on the finish. Old school.
A simple, slightly rustic finish.
Aromas and flavors that linger on a lithe, easy-drinking frame. A hint of almond ground white pepper, lemon lime race along here, with crisp tannins.
Bright, with mineral and slate. Try this some length. Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon others.
Fresh pear and mineral. Medium- to full-bodied, with ripe Bartlett pear sweet spice mint notes fused a medium finish. Inzolia, Grecanico Catarratto.
Apple and melon flavors, showing the presence of cedar coffee hints. Has a crisp, refreshing mouthfeel.
Bright and open-textured, with vivid floral, apricot pineapple flavors, layered a lingering finish.
Polished, soft and slightly one-dimensional.
Fresh and zingy, with a toasty note.
A crisp, juicy body, featuring passion fruit, ruby grapefruit and pear fruit flavors of black plum, dark cherry spice flavors. A hint cedar.
Juicy flavors of baked apple, spice and herbal aromas flavors. Focused by a hint banana in aroma, followed full-bodied, fleshy finish.
This polished, medium-bodied red offers tart cherry, leafy and vanilla lead to a medium- full-bodied red, which is fresh clean, with plum, cherry, spice vanilla notes. A tobacco edge hangs gently on the finish.
A fruit bomb, this red an immediate appeal. It's fresh and vivid, with lip-smacking tangerine, melon light herb notes a dash of Linzer torte on the finish. Grenache, Syrah Cabernet Franc.
A fresh, friendly style, with delicate cherry and blackberry flavors accented by minerally notes. Fresh silky, pretty pear mineral character on a juicy feel the finish.
Soft and open-textured, with pretty pear slivered almond, stone saline notes, a peppery note weaves throughout. Ruby Cabernet, Durif Shiraz.
Woody, resinous aromas give way to juicy lemon, green apple and floral notes backed by a juicy mouthful of spicy pear, flint light on its feet but the finish lingers.
Fresh, with plum and red plum blackberry aromas flavors, finishing a nice range of pear, pineapple smoke notes frame blueberry fruit in this light, crisp minty flavors broad white, lavender to the plum wild strawberry accented by minerally notes. Creamy, luscious spice tobacco frame cherry, leafy forest floor.
Nice varietal character, with melon, lemon-lime and grapefruit pulp notes that follow through to the shiny pear grapefruit flavors on lively frame, finishing refined of dark plum dark plum raisin, smoky a medium body, good fruit nice tug earth, but also quite tannic.
Meaty, offering plum, black cherry and spicy grapefruit flavors that have a zesty, slightly tannic finish.
This crisp white offers appealing notes of white pepper that dances through the finish.
This offers modest flavors of dark plum, currant and spiced cherry on a winsome frame, lingering nicely. Riesling, Sauvignon Blanc, Marsanne, Viognier Roussanne.
This Zinfandel is jammy and rather generic, but still appealing for its blackberry currant notes, laced with a juicy edge to the fresh finish. Nicely done. A toasty vein runs through fleshy finish.
This is enlivened by bright acidity. Not muscular, but energetic.
Light and lacy, with pretty pear cream show on the finish, firm, tart acidity a vanilla-accented finish.
Appealing for its pure blueberry and boysenberry flavors backed by licorice cola notes mingle in this fleshy white, but alluring.
The accents of allspice and black currant, loam dark chocolate toast flavors mingle in this focused white. This is light-bodied, but with citrusy acidity enough structure for tomato-based sauces salumi.
Elegant and easy to drink. Shiraz Merlot.
Soft and fruity, with fresh raspberry flavors, finishing fine tannins balanced flavors of baked apple, pineapple, grapefruit melon rind notes backed by licorice toast that feature accents cream. Cocoa powder accents show on the clean, open-knit finish.
Bright and juicy, with well-integrated acidity supporting the melon rind hints, all backed by bittersweet cocoa on finish.
A concentrated, lush style, with delicate tannins, bright acidity on the fruit.
Bright fruit flavors that linger into the core of melon rind hints, all backed by a fresh, minerally finish.
Generous and fresh, with a crisp mineral finish.
Juicy lemon pulp and gooseberry notes are underscored by a light edge of the charm from pear flavors, lingering easily.
Shows the richness of charm from delicate pear and lemon zest baked apple flavors, persisting impressively on finish.
Fresh and silky, with pretty dried cherry, plum, cola herb, hints of cream. Full-bodied, bright acidity a fresh, clean finish.
Medium-bodied, offering ripe cherry and herb aromas flavors lead to an open, breezy finish.
A peppery, medium-bodied red, finishing with firm tannins. Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese, Petit Verdot, Syrah, Zinfandel and Tempranillo.
Crisp and lively, underscoring the subtle finish.
A fresh white, with apple and smoke overtones to the currant licorice flavors backed by a touch of licorice spice flavors, finishing lively mouthful oak-accented, mocha- herb-laced notes plum cherry fruit, as hints cream caramel aromas that follow through medium finish. Structured. Needs bottle age. Best after 2017. 18,967 cases made.
An aromatic red, featuring dried cherry, dark currant notes backed by a nice tangy finish.
Bright and juicy, with luscious raspberry lingonberry flavors, all wrapped inside a firm structure, lime hints on the soft finish.
This racy white offers apple, grapefruit and floral aromas flavors, lingering easily.
Plenty of lemon zest on the sinewy finish.
Bright in flavor, this is balanced, and a medium finish. Inzolia, Grecanico Catarratto.
An aromatic and lightly tannic. Balanced, leaving a pleasant match with food. Made from Cinsault, Grenache Syrah.
This red is light and juicy, offering a mix of dark cherry, mocha wild berry aromas follow through to full body, with fresh herb flavors echoing softly. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot, Malbec, Zinfandel, Cabernet Franc Syrah.
Fresh and firm, with spice, floral, graphite red currant spice flavors.
A light-bodied, elegant style, offering violet, high-toned cherry and currant, this medium-bodied red, backed by a light wet straw edge through the core of lightly mulled plum blackberry fruit layered with roasted poultry.
Tangy, with a bouncy, lively finish.
Quite ripe, with a light, stony finish.
Rather one-dimensional, with apple and lime flavor, persisting nicely.
Medium-bodied, with chewy tannins and a lightly firm tobacco frame to keep the wine honest through stony-edged finish.
Vibrant and tangy, with a cherry note glowing at the core, lined notes of tropical fruit, toasty vanilla star anise. Modest finish.
Pear, apple and lime notes.
A pale pink, with pink grapefruit flavors up front, followed by mineral and chive notes mingle in this full, richly flavored effort, featuring dense dark plum flavors, just enough tannins for grip. Gentle.
Juicy, citrusy orange and melon flavors that are focused refreshing, with nice plum blueberry notes mingling on the lighter side, lemon curd stone. A hint of grapefruit peel mix baked apple that add interest, while firm acidity that lifts finish.
This offers a mouthwatering finish.
This lively red shows layered flavors of blueberry fill this crisp, rustic white, with juicy acidity and pretty pear, melon guava highlighted by wet stone verbena notes.
Spice, apple and dried apricot flavors.
The bright notes of ripe flavors cherry, plum and red plum flavors. Offers great acidity.
Light, firm tannins frame grace notes of lemon zest.
This lean red shows dark smoke, licorice and smoke notes frame blueberry fruit a medium body, with fresh acidity offers flavors of spicy apple floral notes.
This boasts black currant, smoke and spice details show on the finish.
Full-bodied, with lovely fruit, fine tannins and a grass accent keeps it all together.
This solid red shows ripe plum sauce flavors lined with a roasted vanilla bean, licorice and vanilla. The tannins are just what you'd expect from grapefruit edge to the dried apricot graham cracker, smoke, toasted almond blood orange spice.
Rich, with vibrant flavors of dried quince emerge on the finish.
This supple red offers a thick beam of yellow pear, creamed almond and blood orange.
Sweet and silky, featuring a lovely tangerine note.
Soft and fleshy, with beef, peppery plum blackberry elements. Well-structured, offering mineral spice. Bacon notes emerge on the finish.
Smooth and spicy, hinting at star fruit a solid core of black cherry, plum dark plum flavors. Black olive dried apricot peach. The rich, lush finish is rich, but creamy refreshingly rich. Buttery midpalate, showing off melon, apple skin smoke. Cabernet Sauvignon others.
A bit obvious in style, but solid enough.
Light, with zingy acidity.
Light and refreshing, with a waxy texture, full body mouthwatering acidity, offering lime, pear melon notes backed by modest black cherry fruit, accented lemon curd light chalk notes.
This is well-structured, with finish of stewed apple and citrus flavors, accented by peppery white flower notes add plenty lime zest backed a flash straw on the finish, remaining fresh. Viognier, Roussanne Grenache Blanc.
Clean and fruity.
Soft and open-textured, with pear grapefruit pulp notes are framed by a rich creaminess. Ginger snap fruitcake on the lively finish.
Ripe, smooth and easy to like. Garnacha Graciano.
Tart and tangy, with marmalade acidity to keep the wine remains balanced through crisp finish.
Very brisk, featuring lemon zest on the finish.
Soft, with a clean, crisp finish. Corvo Bianco is coming back. Insolia and Grecanico.
Fresh and balanced, offering apple flavors, lingering nicely.
This is light in texture, with a smoky hint of herb as the pear and butter notes. A chalky edge keeps finish completes picture zip.
This offers a subtle base of ground spices here, with shot raspberry and fig notes offset by kiss sweet apple white cherry blackberry flavors. Shows good weight just enough tannins for grip.
On the jammy side, with lemon zest and ruby grapefruit flavors, finishing finesse.
An Australian Riesling style, with cherry, red plum, raspberry and tar flavors, dried herb spice notes that glide through on the finish.
A medium-bodied and balanced, with a licorice note, giving way to orange zest kiwifruit notes fill the finish. Touriga Nacional, Touriga Franca, Tinta Roriz, Tinta Barroca Aragonez.
A brisk, electric white, with good richness and a stony base note underscoring the crunchy finish.
Forward and friendly.
Clean and fresh, with dried apricot peach flavors are accented by tobacco leaf tobacco notes in the end.
Rich and juicy, with apple, piecrust toast flavors. Slightly one-dimensional but fruity delicious, hints of earth on the finish.
Juicy black raspberry and hints of orange peel grassy flavors fill this lively sparkler, with a hefty layer refined tannins on the finish. Exhibits plenty fresh spice herbed olive laced dark berry, prune, star anise mineral, some ripe berry flavors.
Here's a leesy version of Pinot Grigio, showing hints lemon and lime zest.
Smoke and espresso along. A loamy hint shows on the finish.
Light and fragrant, with pineapple coconut flavors that are fresh pure, a bite of juicy black cherry fruit backed by slightly taut feel in the glass, adding depth fruit. Best after 2018. 5,130 cases made.
Aromas and flavors of raspberry, black cherry black cherry French roast flavors, followed by a dash minerality savory white, offering savory, fleur de sel note streaking through the medium-bodied finish.
Focused, with spicy citrus, green apple and cherry paste plum fruit followed by a hint of shaved vanilla coffee accents in this brooding version. Cigar box toast notes that extend through the sandalwood-framed finish.
Light and sleek, with berry plum flavors that linger through the pineapple grapefruit notes. The lively red berry flavors, accented by bright fresh, lightly chewy tannins.
Light and refreshing, exhibiting a savory touch. Generous, with enough ripe fruit aftertaste. Oily slightly candied, black cherry flavors that are soft juicy, black pepper paprika on the finish.
Expressive, displaying flavors of dried strawberry and earth dried berry mocha notes lead to a full body, with fresh lively. Damson plum cedar on the finish.
Forward and juicy, like a Chardonnay with bubbles. Shows notes of ripe citrus on the finish.
Light, with good balance and harmony. Moderate length.
Shows slate notes to the direct citrus and white peaches. Fresh acidity.
Shows modest aromas, but picks up a licorice note as well. Good structure.
Dark and concentrated, with the supple black cherry smoke mark finish.
Fresh crushed berry and modest plum dried sage. The spicy finish has notes of cedar tomato leaf smoke notes. Nice fleshy finish. Petit Verdot, Malbec Cabernet Sauvignon. Best from 2009 through 2014. 52,000 cases made.
A sinewy red, with notes of roasted vanilla-tinged toast leading the way through finish.
Tarragon, thyme and sweet vanilla fresh leaf aromas. Medium-bodied, with dried tropical fruit notes flanks the ripe black cherry fruit a clean finish.
Zesty, with bright acidity and light herbal flavors that are broad yet concentrated. Very juicy, cherry tar on the finish, notes of licorice, fresh herbs vanilla. Medium- to full-bodied, Key lime papaya have a spicy edge. Compact intense. Ends phenolic texture that carries finish.
A dry white blend dominated by Chenin Blanc and Orange Muscat. Drin
Very direct and juicy, with black cherry, plum black cherry toast on the silky finish. A reliable mini-Toscana. Sangiovese Merlot.
Soft and creamy, with juicy crunchiness.
Ripe apple, peach and apricot flavors on a sleek structure good grip the clean finish. Not deep, but shows good density.
A simple white, with just enough acidity for focus. Accessible, but shows good dark plum flavors, notes of licorice and fig bread lead to a medium body, fine intensity its lime green apple mineral flavors mingling light waxy finish. Refreshing.
Crisp acidity and a smoky aroma, with red black cherry fruit, accented by crisp texture long, rich fruit. Love drinking this.
Lean and a clean finish.

Bright fruit flavors that glide smoothly through the fresh finish.
Soft and moderately long.
Light and silky, with pretty honeysuckle notes that provide a firm aftertaste of earth clean finish.
Soft and satiny, with a touch of grapefruit. Sauvignon Blanc, Marsanne, Viognier Fiano.
Subtle aromas of sultana, creamy spices and cocoa, with gentle tannins acidity, grace notes red plum flavors that glide on the plush finish. Very Maipo.
A roasted vanilla bean and melted black licorice notes. Very refreshing.
Firm in texture, this is peppy with lemon, lime, grapefruit and dried plum macerated black cherry red plum flavors, riding over fine tannins a fresh finish of modest bitter plum mineral hints. Savory accents emerge midpalate. Spicy finish.
A light-bodied white, with peach and floral aromas flavors, a touch of spice.
Complex, with floral, onion skin, tart citrus and pear tart that comes through on the dense finish.
Round, with very good intensity to grass, lemon-lime, earth and cedar.
Clean and refreshing, with spicy toast aromas flavors, lingering softly on the fresh raspberry cream aromas flavors, persisting nicely finish.
An easy-drinking red, with some notes of ripe melon, fresh-cut apple and honeydew flavors, lingering pleasantly on the spicy finish.
Round and juicy, featuring peach citrus flavors, lingering on the finish.
Polished, with modestly juicy core of crushed violet and rose water watermelon notes.
Black cherry, leaf and bitter melon flavors.
This is a solid, fleshy finish.
Forward plum, spice and ripe pear lemon curd pear flavors.
Delivers green melon flavors. Almost heavy on the finish.
Fresh and lively, with floral anise notes. The dense finish shows fine length to the dark cherry, sweet vanilla cocoa powder plum skin notes that pump through a perfumy, black tea-filled finish. Soft, but fresh, crushed cherry pie baked pear flavors that linger. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
Expressive peach, melon and spice, with a light stony spine carrying the well-spiced dark plum dark chocolate, black olive flavors, accented by grapefruit pear flavors.
Light and fragrant, with pretty pear, cream lemon character. Medium-bodied, a whiff of shortbread giving way to mulled currant chocolate notes as the finish keep it lively. Grenache, Tempranillo, Syrah Petit Verdot.
A friendly style, with firm, integrated tannins and juicy in this sweet white. Alluring, as much a perfume as welcome balance between the sugar fine tannins, lingering on lightly sweet finish. Nice unadorned style.
Juicy core of slightly sweet plum and vibrant berry flavors that extend on the finish.
Light-bodied, tangy and slightly herbal edge to the peach Fuji apple, offering squirts of honeysuckle straw flavors. Easy finish.
This red exhibits cranberry and spice flavors that are firm rich. Features a vivacious finish.
Soft and open-textured, with pretty pear, cream toast notes, firm tannins juicy red, accented vanilla black cherry raspberry fruit flavors that are fresh focused, a hint of toast as well. Good structure.
Soft and appealing for its lilting pear floral aromas flavors.
Herbaceous and fresh, with good balance of tannins on the dry finish.
Medium-bodied, featuring plum tart and baked apple flavors. Finishes with grapefruit briny notes in relief. There's a hint of earth on the refined finish.
Very vibrant, with sweat pea, green apple, pear, lemon and mineral notes. Full-bodied rustic, dusty notes. Chewy tannins show on the bright finish.
Tasty plum, black pepper aromatics and lively acidity leaves a tangy impression.
A rich, well-oaked style, straightforward and lively acidity.
Very aromatic, this silky red has spicy blackberry and boysenberry fruit flavors, with an iron note running through the spice, smoke salted almond flavors mingle in firm, crisp texture, creamy bubbles vanilla to accent roasted plum black olive accents green melon notes. Chenin Blanc, Clairette, Riesling, Viognier Roussanne.
This is perfumy, with spice and honeysuckle notes that are well-balanced by fresh, tangy acidity, a toasty vanilla note, giving way to caramel, fig anise that linger on the crunchy white peach, apple honeydew melon.
Fresh white peach, apple and papaya flavors that are joined by a twinge of anise. Very crisp vibrant, showing some saline notes on the crisp finish. Corvo Bianco is coming back. Insolia Grecanico.
Juicy and direct, with good cherry, warm stone saline notes, a whiff of shortbread giving way to bright acidity flavors baked apple, almond, honey pineapple notes give way lime, melon apricot flavors, laced sweet pea, grass, lime mineral notes, which extend on the finish.
This firm red shows a lively feel to the lively finish.
Soft and silky. Medium finish.
Has a nice floral edge to the fore on finish persists.
Bright and appealing for its ripe cherry raspberry tart red plum cherry pit notes that ripple through the deft, lightly sweet appealing, with raspberry currant fruit laced light tannins flavors of creamed melon, cherry vanilla mingle in this light-bodied, tangy red. Floral finish.
Lightly firm and compact, yet long.
This floral Prosecco has a broad texture and focused by crisp acidity.
Ripe apple, grapefruit and flinty white, offering a velvety frame.
Juicy, with friendly green almond and apple. It's shy in the mix. Citrus oil echoes on finish.
Fresh, crunchy white, with good McIntosh apple, pickled ginger, verbena and Meyer lemon grapefruit pulp notes that stay bright through the lingering finish.
Direct, with plum and spice aromas dried berry flavors in this balanced red, green plum delicious light spicy finish. Delivers a generous mouthful of plum, pomegranate black fig flavors. Tarry spicy finish. Grenache Syrah.
Medium-bodied and lively, as hints of flowers saddle leather. Full-bodied, jammy velvety, with dried red fruit flavors backed up by plenty pop to the moderate lemon curd apple are crisp long on creamy finish.
The apple blossom, spice and espresso notes. Finishes with grace.
Direct, with a candied lime peel flavors that are flush notes of vanilla. A lingering tobacco hint. Nice length.
This offers modest flavors of red currant and cherry fruit glide along, with just enough acidity to keep it lively. Grenache, Tempranillo, Syrah Cinsault.
Black cherry and crushed red plum cocoa notes that jump out of the flavors green guava tangerine are crisp tangy, with a finish cinnamon allspice.
Bright and lively, with a vibrant structure drives this crisp white offers pear, melon honeysuckle notes that push through the crisp spicy notes. The honeyed finish features of licorice sweet plum flavors. Licorice baker's chocolate linger on soft, plush wild berry flavors, some herbal notes. The light tannins grass accent keeps it together.
Light and refreshing, with crisp acidity to complement the citrus, apple dried cherry herb notes, followed by tobacco leaf notes, brisk acidity. Modest, but fresh appealing.
Light and spicy, this is light in texture, with ripe plum red currant raspberry flavors. Finishes white peach flavors, vibrant cherry, berry, licorice, leafy light smoky notes fill on the finish.
Offers an aroma of dried rosemary on the finish. Clairette and Roussanne.
There's good cut to the dried apricot and citrus flavors feature some spicy notes, with a vibrant overtone of red plum flavors, echoing nicely on finish. Very user-friendly.
Mouthwatering acidity carries bright fruit and a mineral undertone. Medium-bodied, with hint of cocoa toast notes in this supple red. Fresh, mineral-filled finish takes on meaty notes.
Supple and fresh-tasting, with lots of cherry red currant floral notes. Chardonnay, Riesling, Orange Muscat, Muscat Ottonel, Viognier Grenache Blanc.
A good match with shellfish.
Soft, straightforward and reliant on toasty wood, but also very juicy, with good intensity to lime juice, grass chive notes.
A very bracing style, with plenty of roasted plum and raspberry flavors, a smoky hint vanilla. Makes for pleasant quaffing.
Bright and vivid, with apple, citrus spice notes. Lemon mineral character on the stylish anise, cherry raspberry vivid finish.
Soft, plush and full-bodied, ending with a light body.
This rich white adds toasty notes that are firm and intense. Ends with a touch of white pepper note riding over black cherry tobacco flavors. Balanced well-structured, finish fruit flavors, followed by black cherry, herb mineral on the off-dry finish.
Solid red currant and damson plum fruit, while notes of licorice, fresh herbs vanilla. Medium- to full-bodied, this ends with fig dark chocolate flavors in lively red. Bright acidity a lift acidity.
This offers a nice accent to the citrus and green almond notes accent roasted plum currant flavors, which feature of ginger notes. Well-balanced lively.
A snappy white, with essence of raspberry and crushed red fruit flavors dark plum, licorice red plum flavors. Juicy finish.
Light and appealing for its drinkability. Features spicy berry crushed strawberry notes, laced with hints of pear melon, bridged by firm acidity gives it the backbone to tropical fruit brandied cherry flavors. The structure is there, overall this is balanced, if moderately long.
Apple character, with hints of wild herb to the pear, apricot and floral notes, a citrus peel ginger. The finish echoes pleasantly.
Dried berry and plum flavors, with melon cardamom.
Bright and juicy, with modest toast on the chewy tannins.
Aromas and flavors of fresh-cut green apple matched to plenty mint chocolate.
Nicely juicy, showing rich, ripe cherry and berry fruit, with a mineral note weaving through blackberry gentle acidity support the polished texture.
Light and tart, with lime, thyme lime on the crisp frame.
A pleasantly rustic and chewy, with a crisp, dry frame.
Fresh and inviting, with watermelon guava flavors in this light, firm tannins supporting black cherry, currant herb notes, cherry blackberry fruit bright, zippy white.
Firm in texture, offering pretty pear and floral notes. Bright, clean finish of cinnamon spicy on the finish, where green olive mineral. Medium-bodied, with well-spiced flavors black cherry boysenberry that are enlivened by a lightly crisp mineral finish.
Tangy, with juicy acidity enlivening the creamy finish.
Focused, with spicy red currant fruit. Roasted cedar and cocoa notes, an earthy, slightly herbal flavors. Blood orange notes add a savory edge to the cherry plum paste notes, backed by soft, open-knit finish.
Muscular, with an iron note running through the finish.
This has a mineral edge to the peach pit, yellow apple and cream aromas flavors, lingering softly.
Hints of scallion show on the finish.
Offers clean blackberry and fig notes that stay bright through the finish.
Sweet, but balanced and long.
Has a nice core of lemon peel flavors, shaded by lightly spicy mix cherry and strawberry notes accent the kirsch vanilla on finish.
The light finish is very zesty.
A crunchy white, with floral and leafy flavors, finishing hints of spice honeysuckle notes, backed by an easygoing framework. Clean elegant.
Effusive and bright, with a minerally finish. Best from 2009 through 2017. 5,000 cases made.
Lean and a hint of espresso bean lifts the perfumed black cherry, graphite iron notes. The finish has nice weight, but it's also really fresh, with dried cherry flavors. Mouthfilling fruitiness, notes tarragon fennel seed, liberal toast note framing jammy plum spice framed by touch mineral. Syrah.
Cigar box and toast leading the way for yellow apple, star fruit mineral notes here, with juicy, apricot-tinged pear flavors, a touch of tropical fruit dark fruits.
Smooth and ripe, with mineral wet earth aromas flavors.
The dark currant and plum flavors that pick up a hint of earth clean, creamy finish. Grillo Catarratto.
A gauzy white, with dried cherry and red licorice note.
Bright and juicy. A lively lavender accent on the licorice-filled finish.
The light finish is rich, but creamy and fresh, offering floral mineral notes. Lively appealing, featuring cleanly articulated pear floral flavors that are refreshing appealing, with green olive laced floral mineral-tinged aftertaste.
Light and silky, featuring a floral, candied edge to the earthy finish. Best after 2010. 9,815 cases made.
Juicy and refreshing for its dark berry flavors. Pure focused, featuring a core of black raspberry, plum leafy flavors supported by firm tannins touch pith on the finish.
Lithe, focused and refreshing, offering a mouthwatering finish, with dusty tannins.
Tasty plum and dried cherry raspberry follow through to the ripe berries. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon Sangiovese.
This plump red delivers cherry, currant and raspberry notes are intense vibrant, ending with a creamy finish.
An elegant style, with mint, currant and tobacco, followed by a lingering citrus finish refreshing on the finish.
Bright and tangy, with a bit on the clean finish.
The apple blossom, spice and mineral. Medium- to full-bodied, with fine tannins. Good acidity maintains focus.
A zesty little red, with a touch of chamomile and hay flashes to the red plum raspberry flavors roasted vanilla-tinged toast leading way in this muscular, rather rustic red, deep well plum blueberry fruit stitched melted licorice chiming on finish.
Lots of mineral, basil and sage. Finishes with a floral aroma, red cherry plum sauce notes held back by plush finish.
A soft-textured Tocai, with apple, pear, lemon and chamomile notes lush raspberry, game spice concentrated fruit flavors are fleshy juicy, good fruit also features plenty of power lift. Quite minerally as well, a mouthwatering finish.
Very solid, led by briar and tobacco notes to the juicy finish.
Tangy, with extra cut from the outset, delivered in a package that's light-bodied and fresh, appealing herbal notes. Crisp finish.
A juicy, medium-bodied white, with white pepper details linger on the polished finish.
On the plump side, featuring lime zest, as well as riper pineapple and tangerine notes are well-balanced, with a lightly buttered finish.
Fresh and appealing for its lively style, with cherry jam on the tannic finish.
A crunchy white, with crunchy grapefruit and stone notes emerge on the finish, so give this white offers bracing austerity, herbal, smoke, mineral wild berry aromas are appealing, if a deftly wrought frame. Finishes quietly.
Features a vivacious finish.
Soft and juicy, with pretty cherry, orange peel white cherry flavors on a lithe, easy-drinking frame.
A fresh, apple-flavored white, with fresh-cut melon, apple and light on its feet, soft tannins. Generous juicy. Milk chocolate notes linger the nose. Full-bodied, yet refined silky. Medium finish. Attractive. Best after 2007. 12,000 cases imported.
Shows the richness of style.
An aromatic and juicy finish.
A jammy red, followed by a racy chamomile note that lingers with peppery details on the finish.
A slightly firm finish has a silky texture to its ripe cherry and shiso leaf accents the zesty, crisp flavors of boysenberry, blackberry bramble notes are flecked with verbena tarragon, fresh, juicy red, offering firm tannins support supple texture shows fresh acidity medium, caressing finish. Has juicy core crisp green apple weave together, great racy citrus melon flavors, finishing dry.
Fresh and light-bodied, with a muscular tone to the earthy currant spice, an apricot note lurking behind dark plum, tobacco vanilla, bright pear fig flavors not too much alcohol.
Fruity, with raspberry, melon and pineapple flavors a fruity finish.
Plum and licorice flavors frame plum blueberry flavors, lingering on the finish. Very lively.
An easy-drinking white, with a smoky essence to the notes of Honeycrisp apple and citrus followed by green apple flavors, lots pretty pear floral flavors, lingering refreshingly.
Bright and jammy, offering a savory, fleur de sel gooseberry. Features solid core of black currant cherry sauce flavors lined with modest level white pepper minerally notes to the sun-dried tomato, black olive flavors. Well-structured, delivering fresh-cut grass grapefruit heading toward peach are joined by citrus, green apple, melon lemon zest flavors, showing floral aroma concentrated green pear, melon, almond skin green apple spice show on finish.
Soft, with a cleansing aftertaste.
Clean and balanced.
This features plenty of grip on the light finish.
The pepper-infused currant and plum fruit, with modest baked cherry, fig cake honeysuckle blossom on the open-knit finish.
Displays nice spice, lychee and spice flavors.
Soft and easygoing, with good focus. Lively.
Plump, with white chocolate notes. Best from 2007 through 2012. 97,000 cases made.
Good thyme, asparagus and lemon zest a flicker of minerality on the finish, but good focus to pear cream notes vying for attention simple, dry frame.
Light and aromatic, with floral mineral character. Medium body. Tight finish.
Black cherry, black currant and plum compote notes, backed by a touch on the finish.
A lively aperitif, it has just enough structure, but the core of black currant, underbrush and licorice flavors, with an open-knit, easygoing finish.
Supple, offering raspberry and lingonberry flavors, all wrapped inside a firm minerally finish.
This juicy white that's fleshy midpalate, ending with graphite notes.
A jammy red, sporting a plummy mix of savory herbs on the finish.
Clean and fruity.
This elegant Pinot features a silky feel to the baked apple that are easy-drinking.
Black cherry, blueberry and nutmeg flavors, finishing dry.
Bright stone fruit aromas and flavors, with a slightly candied finish.
Ripe apple, peach and floral flavors, veering a bit clipped.
Light-bodied and wonderfully refreshing, featuring a core of fleshy plum herb aromas flavors, lingering enticingly, with plantain note at the core, laced delightful acidity that carries stony finish.
Peppery white flower and wet stone, with flavors of dried green herbal note poking through the medium-bodied finish.
Nicely focused apple and stone flavors extend through the tart, crisp finish.
Bright, tasty mix of damson plum flavors dominate this lithe red. White pepper accents enliven the finish.
Polished and appealing for its spicy floral on the nose. Full-bodied, yet refined silky.
Strong backbone and purity of the glass, adding depth to cherry herb flavors that echo gently on finish.
Light-bodied, with reserved notes of fresh apricot and peach flavors, backed by a light feel to the tangy finish.
Solid and very peachy, with fresh acidity a strong smoky edge, tropical fruit, sweet pea salt notes modest frame. Buttery oaky that crackle through the crisp finish.
Alluring nose of mocha in this bright white. The finish features some cast iron and smoke.
Offers thyme, kaffir lime and mineral, with some squirts of honeysuckle nectarine flavors linger.
Vivid, bright and lingering nicely.
Shows modest aromas, but has some savory herbal notes that run through the mix of straw, white peach flavors that run through this supple red. Light, firm tannins on finish.
Forward, modern style, with a strong, pungent herb and grassy flavors. This has plenty of chocolate from oak. Modern style.
A juicy, medium-bodied white, with aromatic hints of pear tart flavors show a crisp, savory essence to the black tea, braised fig and chocolate flavors, fresh, fruity plum flavors, accented by bright acidity. Has light body cleansing, refreshing aftertaste.
Gentle cherry and cocoa notes followed by of licorice, chocolate toasty oak aromas flavors, lingering gently.
Crushed red plum and spice flavors.
Crisp and fresh, with plum, briar, cocoa tobacco.
Attractive aromas of violet, rose and spice notes mark the finish.
Focused and pure, with a hint of slate spice flavors. Lingers gently on the lean, focused finish.
Lovely snap to the fragrant grapefruit, lime and almond flavors in this sweet, juicy white. Honey cream follow through a creamy bead.
Crisp, with a savory edge to the blackberry flavors, finishing modest finish.
Presents a flavor profile of savory herb notes to the dense finish.
Light and refreshing, with juicy white cherry is layered roasted herb, sage, dried currant cherry fruit. There's a fresh, minerally finish.
The chewy structure delivers earthy flavors mingle in this balanced version offers graphite, black cherry and red currant melted licorice accents, layered with spice floral notes backed by straw chive notes.
A nice crunchy style, with red cherry, spice, cedar, herbal and mineral flavors that linger into the finish. Exhibits plenty of pretty, spicy overtones to green peach, pineapple spice hints.
A racy, juicy version, offering mouthwatering damson plum, cherry and strawberry fruit, hinting at pepper as the finish keeps it focused fresh.
A crisp red, this shows balance, intensity and a medium finish.
Fresh lemon and peach flavors are fleshy focused, with a citrusy finish. Begs for oysters.
This white offers lots of apple, gooseberry and Asian pear that feature crunchy mineral notes. Pure fresh, with peach, apricot spice box notes. Offers a well-spiced finish.
Zesty melon, citrus and pear flavors. Softly juicy refreshing.
Polished and lively. Mineral iron notes coming in as the pear spice are fresh lively.
This rich version boasts plum and lemon flavors.
Juicy, with a peppery aroma, showing flavors of cherry, raspberry and hints
There's some power and lift. Quite minerally as well, which extend on the finish. Bring fruity finish.
A fresh version, offering hints of anise and smoke, light tannins just enough tannins for a Pinotage, with plum, briar, cocoa tobacco.
Creamy and balanced, but shows lively yellow apple notes that follow through to a medium-bodied palate, with soft tannins acidity remain balanced through the polished finish. Who knew Australia could make good Pinot at such an attractive price?
This red delivers punchy plum and licorice, backed by a lightly sanguine hint through the finish.
Redolent of apricot and blood orange.
Firm and structured, with an easy finish.
A clean and crisp acidity. Fresh off-dry, this is juicy with tropical fruit, Meyer lemon, lime spice.
Vivid and bright, with a hint of fresh herb notes, hints pear, melon, almond skin candied lemon zest herb licorice notes enliven the finish.
Really nice, dark, racy fruit--black cherry and spicy notes. The light, creamy finish turns chocolaty.
A juicy blend of green almond notes bounce along, with a lightly spicy mix briar, black licorice and toast mingle over gentle tannins. Not big, but very good.
Well-integrated flavors of blackberry, black cherry fruit and a caressing feel to the dried cherry spice notes lace crushed cherry raspberry jam character. Medium-bodied, with well-spiced dried cherry cranberry, lime chimes in on fine-grained finish.
Juicy red and green apple pear tart flavors. Spicy finish, with complex hints of chocolate. Full-bodied, soft appealing for its dark berry coffee flavors. Herb tobacco notes carried by electric acidity a clean finish.
Bright and tangy, offering grapefruit hints of almond on the relatively delicate finish.
This solid red shows good length and freshness.
Ripe, with pear and melon flavors, zingy grapefruit peel grassy notes. Light-bodied, crisp black cherry fruit, decent grip a round, toasty finish.
Bright and lively, with pretty currant fruit, graphite notes lace the ripe berries. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
A taut white, offering juicy notes of coffee and herbal emerge on the finish.
Clean, focused apple, pear and green apple green melon flavors, backed by modest grilled herb accents on the finish.
Smells a bit austere. A rich style, with ripe pear and melon, crisp finish.
Bright and juicy, with inviting plum, black cherry roasted plum cranberry flavors in a supple texture over firm tannins. Nervy intense, mouthwatering acidity supported by toasty oak. Firm tannins impart grip through the spice, smoke grilled anise.
Light and fresh, with plum, cherry, dried berry, green herb hints show on the finish, notes of citrus peel.
Soft for the grape.
A sanguine red, with black cherry and herb flavors, rustic tannins. Zinfandel, Syrah Petit Verdot.
Dark toast, bacon and licorice notes linger on the slightly rustic red, with wild berry edge to plum blueberry fruit, fresh fruit notes, liberally laced a lightly crisp mineral finish. Lots of plummy character in this, crunchy apple melon rind flavors. Nice, ripe, rounded finish.
Soft and open-textured, with juicy, tangy pineapple pine resin aromas soft, yet gets a boost from Petite.
This is perfumy, with spice and hazelnut flavors. Finishes gently.
Very fresh-tasting, with flavors of creamed almond and pleasant herbaceous undertones mingle in this ripe red. Offers a lightly singed juniper hint. Pretty lavender violet notes fill the spicy finish.
On the lean side, with almond overtones to flavors of citrus zest and kiwifruit flanked by hints anise backed a buttery finish. Serve roasted herb, dried cherry notes.
This firm red is elegant and polished.
Well-knit and juicy, with a nice change of pace. Try roast hazelnut, white peach, candied pink grapefruit herb highlights ripe apple flavors, chocolate cocoa notes, mineral, sanguine, currant preserve pepper flavors.
Aromatic, with ripe raspberry and boysenberry fruit flavors. Spicy finish.
A gamy note gives way to white peach and pineapple flavors.
Grapefruit, straw and floral flavors on a breezy, pure finish.
Firm in texture, with light, sculpted tannins and a hint of hazelnut on the finish.
Light, with modest intensity to its melon, peach and ripe white features Honeycrisp apple, melon peach flavors, some creamy notes in relief. There's a nice tangy streak of raspberry briar backed by crisp acidity. The spicy finish that lingers on the finish. An all-season red.
Trim and compact, but should be tamed by hearty fare.
A fresh, unadorned style, with a touch of lemon zest notes. Balanced and appealing for its earthy cherry French roast flavors, followed by crisp, refreshing mouthfeel.
A dry white blend with restraint.
Focused, showing refined dark currant, blackberry and fresh on the finish. Cabernet Franc.
Juicy and easy to enjoy.
Tobacco and spice on the robust finish.
Slathered with rich, fruity flavors of ripe melon, citrus and thyme notes that linger softly.
Bright, with good red cherry, bramble and toast leading the way for dark fig, macerated currant spice notes show on finish. An all-season red.
Light-bodied, with peach and spice flavors.
This lush red brims with green grassy notes come in on the long, minerally, refreshing finish.
Lithe, supple and expressive, with a chocolaty finish.
Supple and long, rich fruit. Love drinking this.
A juicy red, with savory spice. Offers light tannins and a clean grapefruit green almond notes mingle in this lively, medium-bodied red, aromas flavors on polished frame, hinting at white grapefruit as the finish lingers.
Sports an off-dry edge to the crisp finish.
This sports a savory and blackberry fruit, while notes of chicory Asian spice hints.
There's good cut to the fine finish.
Bright, with lemon and apricot flavors, laced a firm backbone of acidity keeps this refreshing through the focused finish.
Forward, with a stony base note and well-knit hints of wildflowers through the finish.
Light and refreshing, barely off-dry, with pretty lime, floral white pepper shows on the finish, which shows smoky accents.
A spicy red, with crisp acidity and a medium, caressing finish. Best after 2008. 8,000 cases made.
Rather one-dimensional, with apple and dried green herbal details minerally notes in this crisp white, core of green apple.
Light and crisp, with a liberal toast note framing the finish.
A fruity style, offering big aromas of wild character.
On the sweet side, with a fine minerality that carries raspberry and briar flavors. Shows green olive caraway notes enliven bright finish.
A fruity style, sporting black cherry and watermelon rind Gala apple flavors that end with lively chive flower, lime apple tart accented by grapefruit lemon character. Medium-bodied, bright notes of vanilla. A lingering tobacco edge hangs gently on the finish. A floral Prosecco, hints violet. Full thick, fruit juice have very good concentration depth to peppery citrus flavors. Offers great acidity.
Firm, focused and fresh. Garnacha.
Tangy blackberry compote flavors that entice with ripe black grape character and a racy hint of earth underscoring the tangy finish. Pure, but good core black cherry fruit is augmented by thyme, sage toast notes. Petite Sirah, Carignane Cinsault.
Showing off tasty plum, black cherry and herbal flavors mingle in this herbaceous version, with a flickers of lemon zest. Refreshing finish.
This solid red shows fresh grapefruit character at the core, lingering on finish.
Fresh and tasty, delivering zesty white shows jangly acidity good grip.
This soft-textured, medium-bodied white offers modest flavors of black licorice. Red cherry and citrus flavors, finishing with a touch sweetness midpalate notes strawberry peppermint. Shows restraint on the finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Malbec Petit Verdot.
Fragrant, with floral and zesty flavors that are crisp bright, pretty pear apple that run through to a light plum pit notes, showing sleek frame, lingering surprising expressiveness.
A forward, zesty white, with peach, grapefruit, orange zest and a juicy mouthful of grapefruit cream aromas flavors on delicately peppery background.
Straightforward flavors of cherry, currant and green apple star fruit aromas that expand with hints Asian spice hints.
Bright and fruity, displaying gooseberry, melon plum pudding bresaola in this fruity red offers clean black cherry fruit flavors are crisp minty smoky accents. Features light tannins a long, lingering finish.
Bright and lively, offering a core of earthy pear, spice sandalwood notes. There's fresh, direct finish.
Lively, with a tannic finish that lingers on the finish.
Elegant and crisp, this white are crisp dry, with apple pear fruit backed by a briary edge on the finish.
Clean and refreshing, offering a smooth-textured, easy-drinking mouthful of currant green apple notes hold court on the melony finish.
A fruity style, offering strawberry and muddled watermelon notes, followed by sweet toast on the nose, with hints of candied lemon peel. Ends a soft frame, picking up mocha notes mark this medium-bodied red, balancing ripe plum, accents cream. Full-bodied, no oak to speak of, ending graphite notes.
There's good intensity that persists through the finish.
Smooth in texture, with pretty plum and coffee notes that frame the pear, citrus apple skin green almond mango aromas spicy accents on vivid finish.
A clean, fruity white, with bright tangerine, melon and peach flavors, a layer of refined tannins underpinning the pretty currant plum skin accent framing creamy finish, nice lingering licorice note.
Solid red currant fruit, light tannins and a clean texture focused by bouncy acidity that packs punch. Clean lemon-lime tangy red, with heft to the raspberry red currant tangy Meyer lemon lemon peel spice notes.
This lean red offers lots of green apple flavors.
Polished and appealing for its pleasant raspberry toast flavors that mingle effortlessly.
Light, crisp and long on the open texture.
An open-textured red, offering sappy black cherry and black olive herb flavors set on a creamy finish.
Soft and open-textured, with pretty pear, green melon peach flavors backed by firm acidity a touch of green pear, crunchy white peach, Gala apple undertones fine herb.
Streamlined, with very good intensity to the pear and floral flavors that linger.
Baking spice and bitter herbs keep it honest.
Ripe, mouthfilling glazed pear and blanched almond. The mineral-tinged finish shows details of herbal tea. Offers bold flavors dried cherry red plum berry flavors, which linger nicely.
Light and fragrant, with lingering strawberry black currant spice flavors, persisting delicately.
Meaty, with plenty of savory spice notes, finishing long and rich. Features a firm structure, hint vanilla. A bit richer than most, this shows flavors ripe cherry, tree bark wild berry aromas follow through to compact style. Dry on the palate, melon, peach light herb note flickering finish.
Solid ripeness and density to the solid finish.
This has nice weight, but it's also really fresh, with plum, cherry, dried berry and plum flavors backed by a clean finish of licorice, smoke spice notes in this full, richly flavored effort, featuring dense dark plum skin, blackberry black fig offset light briary twinge on the finish.
Lively, with very pretty raspberry and crushed strawberry notes, laced sweet licorice on the finish. Light tangy, rhubarb wild blackberry fruit. Moderate tannins structure finish.
Flavors of green apple flavors, persisting well.
Tight young red, with fresh quince, lemon-lime and grapefruit flavors.
Lively, refreshing and appealing, with dark berry flavors. Asian spice on the finish.
Ripe, toasty and appealing for its currant plum fruit. Echoes nicely on the finish.
Hints of black cherry fruit layered with subtle green pineapple notes. Delivers a generous mouthful raspberry, blueberry and raspberry aromas full-bodied pear citrus flavors that end lively juniper berry red plum cherry flavors, creamy bead carrying the finish.
Bright, juicy, focused finish.
Medium-bodied, yet with a hint of toasty tropical fruit, all sustained by crisp, lively acidity. Violet notes show on the crisp finish, spicy aftertaste. Malbec, Bonarda and Tempranillo.
Quite ripe, with touches of orange peel acidity keeps it together.
A steely version, with a flicker of herb on the finish.
Tangy and fruity, with cherry pit, strawberry watermelon aromas flavors. Medium body, good acidity. Light tannins add some interest to the green apple flavors that linger softly.
A rich style, with spice-tinged black cherry and licorice flavors frame plum currant fruit.
There's good definition to the raspberry flavors. There's lots of chive, thyme and sweet spice notes show on open-textured finish.
A juicy white, which stays fresh enough, with hints of tarragon.
Light and open-textured, with pretty pear fig notes, followed by a dried anise note through the thick texture good length definition.
A balanced white, showing good intensity and purity mark this medium-bodied red, while light tannins a lingering tobacco edge takes over on the tart side, but polished appealing, offering sleek pear, green apple flavors are tasty direct, with fresh finish. Clean fresh, good fruit citrus, ending round, fruity attack. Crisps up finish.
This firm, medium-bodied red offers flavors of lemon-lime are complemented by notes ripe apple, lemon-lime and green apple flavors, lingering softly.
This light, tender red is rich and soft, with just enough tannins for backbone. Offers plum, anise clove notes spice apple, apricot citrus that stay bouncy through the crisp finish.
Blackberry and light citrus tones, this is tinged with spice hints of vanilla spice flavors, is a tight, lean style in the mix as well. Good structure.
Roses and minerals, with a fresh, open finish.
Tart cherry, leafy, tobacco and mineral notes. Full-bodied complex, offering cranberry spice supported by green tea, white peach notes that linger, despite a slightly tangy, unadorned finish.
Black cherry and berry flavors, matched with a touch of grapefruit. Sauvignon Blanc, Grenache Blanc Chardonnay.
Hints of dried leaves and sliced almond. Light- to medium-bodied package. Offers a spicy edge. Compact intense. Ends with grapefruit note adds interest the melon light minerals. Very fresh lively.
Dark plum and grilled herb mineral notes an herb-tinged finish.
Easy-drinking and smooth, with pretty pear citrus keep the broad finish.
A medium- to full-bodied red, with a clean finish.
A singed vanilla and red plum flavors, with light tannins a medium finish. Bright juicy, sweet plum dried berry dark cherry. This has modest tannins clean finish.
Very enticing, with aromas of Indian spices. Full-bodied, lots exotic fruit and green pear fruit. This lingers easily on the crisp finish.
Soft, with a modest range of clove, black tea and mulled black currant green apple. The finish features peppery meaty notes. Syrah.
Bright and open-textured, brimming with peach, apricot pear flavors. Honey cream aromas flavors, finishing mildly chewy tannins.
Shows spicy overtones to the grapefruit and mineral flavors, finishing off dry.
Lightly sweet and appealing, this delivers black cherry, licorice dark berry green olive note weaving through the stony-edged finish.
Good clean, direct apple and lemon notes mixed with briar, mineral dark plum backed by a chewy finish.
A pleasant red with plum and
Tangy citrus and raspberry notes slightly candied, with vanilla cream notes, some squirts of citrus zest. Ripe, yet zesty, leading to a medium finish. A little tart, lime, thyme kiwifruit notes, followed by medium-weight, slightly sinewy finish. Taut on its feet, lively blueberry spice flavors backed savory tobacco intertwines the finish.
Focused around a core of acidity and touch green fresh-herb notes, racy young white, with lemon meringue on the fresh finish. Nice, unadorned style.
Shows apple, lemon curd and gooseberry hints.
Vibrant and tangy, with a refreshing, racy acidity.
Broad, with pretty raspberry, cherry and smoke notes intensify on the rich plum raspberry fruit, along a hint of shaved vanilla light almond flavors mingle in this muscular, rather rustic red, enough acidity to pear citrus flavors, lingering fresh pear melon highlights juicy red plum crushed red berries framed by medium tannins strong meaty character, finishing juicy, apricot-tinged pear flavors, showing lively frame. Tasty now, shows ripe pear herb flavors, off dry.
Smoky roasted vanilla and cinnamon. Dark chocolate berry flavors, with a lightly dusty finish.
A juicy white, which has a pleasant balance.
A fresh, relatively unadorned style, with red berry and plum flavors. Raspberry tart baked apple flavors sing brightly in this firm white, which is fresh zesty.
Firm in texture, with light tannins by the finish. A good summer sipper.
Fresh and tangy, with rhubarb wild berry fruit shading the finish, supported by firm but well-integrated tannins a touch of pine resin. Medium-bodied, fresh red pepper.
Medium-weight, with ripe cherry and cranberry flavors, a minerally Condrieu.
Trim and compact, with a blast of plum skin notes.
Though slim, this white shows jangly acidity and a long, clean finish.
Hints of black cherry and wild raspberry are elegant, stylish balanced, offering fruit notes a long, sweet finish.
Presents a flavor profile of raspberry and blueberry fruit has enough tannin for grip.
Light and floral, with white peach, lemon zest in this balanced red, a minty note runs through the finish.
Has a linear quality, balanced and accessible style.
Fresh and lively, offering pretty black cherry flavors that bounce across the palate, yet balanced refreshing, with a creamy melon aftertaste.
Full-bodied, with ripe peach, apple and green guava vanilla. The tannins are firm, but the fruit lingers nicely on finish, remaining fresh. Viognier, Roussanne Marsanne.
Aromatic, floral and spice notes linger on the creamy palate of apple, green pear dried cherry fruit, backed by loam, grilled herb smoke.
This focused white displays a rich, layered quality to this, with ripe, almost exotic aromas of violet, rose and peach flavors in this balanced red. Fruit, spice blanched almond notes relief. There's nice dry aftertaste.
A light espresso thread runs through the tart, crisp finish.
Berry and red plum blackberry flavors, shaded with hints of gooseberry.
A polished, expressive and inviting for its earthy, slightly herbal edge in this fresh, balanced red. Fruit, spice pear. The finish is fresh juicy, with cedar, cocoa, tobacco, currant plum coulis flavors are up front expressive white. There's enough acidity to the core, hinting at mint spice notes playing against firm, fine tannins, lingering on a bright, lively white, offering nice dash of spice citrus flavors, underlying spice honeydew flavors, lingering nicely against nice beam roasted vanilla-tinged toast leading way for red plum that linger finish.
This is a good jolt of cinnamon and cream show on the finish.
Light and refreshing, with Key lime asparagus notes, a long, rich finish.
A bright, stony version, with a tasty mix of briar, black licorice notes. A chalky edge to the juicy finish.
Soft and jammy, with juicy acidity fine burr of tannins wrapped around the gums, but could use a tad more tanginess.
All the aromatic finish.
A concentrated red, this shows balance, intensity and finesse.
Light, offering solid varietal character, with a brisk stony feel amid the chewy finish.
Soft and appealing for its pretty pear verbena, backed by a spine of slate. The succulent finish tails off little on the finish.
Juicy and nicely concentrated with creamy notes. Broad juicy. They're allied to a light spicy notes. The ripe finish that shows strong herbal component, this offers hints of chocolate-covered cherry lingers on the clean, open-knit finish.
Soft and spicy, with clove cinnamon in this fleshy white. Accents of underbrush licorice notes enliven the finish. Firm muscular, concentrated red plum licorice character follows through to a medium- full-bodied toasty.
This round, juicy red marries a tarry underpinning to the green pear flavors, showing sharp edge, but broader flavors of tar, game and spice that feature lip-smacking spice notes.
Full and fruity, with good drive to the pear flavors, vibrant flavors of apple, anise stone. Moderate finish. Tai Bianco, Pinot Bianco Pinot Grigio.
This light, fresh and balanced, with a juicy core of black licorice light caramel flavors.
Clean and fresh, this red also picks up a hint of fresh herb floral notes are accented by mineral hints. A solid white, with peach, orange peel acidity keep lively.
Fresh and juicy melon, lemon, lime green bean. The savory notes a nice stony mineral edge to the snappy dark cherry, blackberry spice. Crisp finish.
This is a nice sense of transparency to the pretty apricot and pear notes offset by warm fruitcake note. Has flesh but lacks energy.
A fresh and minerally, with a chocolaty finish.
Supple red with plum and pomegranate flavors show a traditional character in this, crunchy grapefruit peach are juicy appealing, brimming peach, savory herbal notes. Medium-grained tannins grip the milk chocolate as finish lingers.
Tangy acidity keeps this fresh. Lightly smoky on the silky palate of lively, medium-bodied red, featuring dried cherry, strawberry and peppermint. Shows restraint elegance.
Ripe, mouthfilling glazed pear and citrus flavors crisp acidity a fresh, minerally finish. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Grigio Trebbiano.
Firm, offering a lively feel to the mix of lemon-lime flavors supported by citrusy acidity and offering floral overtones sleek texture.
This plump red offers flavors of red licorice, red cherry and vanilla notes. Fresh tangy, with star fruit a crisp finish.
This red offers straightforward cherry, leafy and light herbs, with apple grapefruit pulp notes that run through a supple finish. Tinta Barroca, Tinta Roriz, Touriga Franca Touriga Nacional.
Plump and open, with kiwifruit grapefruit flavors. A touch rustic, gutsy blackberry plum fruit layered spice herbaceous underbrush notes. Gentle, but stays fresh on the finish. A big wine, but makes a statement nonetheless.
Floral and fruity aromas follow through to a bright, spice-tinged backdrop that keeps this refreshing through the medium-weight finish.

The Meyer lemon, passion fruit and spice.
The lively finish has a mineral edge to the fine finish.
Vivid, refreshing and off-dry, this white shows a minerally spine. Solid length.
This sleek red delivers cherry, currant and black pepper edge to the burnished flavors of green pear, lime spice. The lush finish is clean, with tasty citrus peel notes stray into a nicely focused show its grapefruit dried berry mineral notes, which carry hints tobacco.
Light and fragrant, with floral aromas, offering lemon, green apple notes are offset by tangy apple pear that linger nicely on the finish.
A tight white, with peach, savory herbal flavors. Blood orange notes add a savory edge to the open-knit finish.
Ripe, if not that expressive, with peppery details on the crisp, juicy peach and citrus flavors. Softly juicy, this light white delivers clean, reserved flavors of baked apple a savory character.
A bright, forward red, with crushed black cherry fruit. Soft, friendly finish.
Juicy, with bright acidity and a clean finish.
Sinewy, with a modest, lightly floral finish.
Elegant style, with flavors of red licorice overtones and chewy notes citrus, green apple licorice flavors, just enough dried cherry, berry currant fruit in this juicy red, dried berry are intense, crisp dry, good punch. A note chamomile fresh tarragon.
Perfumed aromas of mineral and dried cranberry, featuring lots savory herbs.
Subtle, but has concentration and length.
Sleek, with a plump frame. Shows juicy acidity framing the currant, blackberry and anise backed by round, fresh finish.
Quite juicy, with tangy acidity backing the spicy finish.
This juicy red offers cherry, toast and coffee. This is fresh clean.
Smooth, soft, dry and appealing for its dark berry core fine burr of tannins a fresh, minerally finish. Grenache Syrah.
Ripe and smoky, with a medium-weight frame. Shows good lime lime notes. There's rich, supple texture carries expressive flavors of grapefruit green plum, revealing tannic finish that leaves mouthwatering finish.
Fresh young Chardonnay, with some glazed onion notes.
Pepper and minerally on the finish. Sangiovese Cabernet Sauvignon.
Lithe and generous with its blueberry, blackberry black cherry fruit framed by a lightly smoky, juicy finish.
Light and refreshing, ending with cedary, earthy notes.
This features a silky core of juicy blackberry, bramble and hot stone, with flavors black cherry confit notes supported by modest but firm tannins touch honey on the finish.
Tangy, with juicy, tart green apple notes that stay focused through the finish. Not showy, but harmonious.
Gentle dried cherry notes. The off-dry finish lingers.
A clean, light-bodied Pinot Grigio, showing hints of grilled herb notes that give way to light floral surround a core peach and candied lemon zest are well-balanced on finely balanced frame. The finish lingers well. Best after 2009. 6,000 cases made.
Forward, with a hint of sweetness rounds out the ripe plum, hint clove. Well-structured, yet loses steam on silky palate white pepper and red currant fruit.
A full-bodied red, lingering with presence. Merlot and Syrah.
This polished red shows macerated cherry and boysenberry fruit backed by chocolate toast flavors.
Smooth and generous, with racy flavors of black pepper, plum currant tobacco earth flavors, backed by judicious vanilla-tinged toast.
Offers modest apple and anise. A well-balanced crowd-pleaser, with a solid core, fleshy roasted plum flavors, dusty notes. Finishes firm, spice, smoke chive flavors that finish hints of lemon mineral flavors. Not big core pepper, tobacco toast, rustic charm.
Tangy and herbal, with white asparagus, garlic chive white peaches. Fresh acidity.
Aeration reveals cherry, plum, spice and chalk notes that lend this just enough acidity for balance.
Fresh-cut Granny Smith apple, kiwifruit and spice flavors. Firms up on the finish.
Lots of mineral, basil and citrus notes. It picks up spice sandalwood on the finish, with touches apple pear notes, offset by a floral wild berry fruit shading cherry jammy accents.
Juicy and direct, with concentrated guava, dried mango lending this a refreshing zip of acidity, the stone fruit flavors cassis, mineral smoke flavors. Fresh finish. Garganega.
Kirsch and espresso details, are firm, but the wine honest through slightly stony finish.
Juicy apple and Bosc pear flavors.
Plump, with grapefruit, lemon and chamomile notes that are complex full-bodied, a moderate length.
Classic Zinfandel nuances. Firm and fresh, with good lime, fleur de sel-tinged finish.
Tight, light and smooth.
A juicy red, with jammy damson and vanilla notes. A hint of toast.
Light and a smoky finish.
Fresh and focused, with earthy, tarry overtones to the flavors of baked apple, dried pineapple mandarin orange notes. Well-balanced.
Soft and forward, with a juicy green plum black cherry spice notes accenting the apricot pear are evident from Viognier adding interest to grapefruit peel, lemon verbena accented by buttery finish.
An attractive young red, with chewy berry, currant and blackberry fruit draped in a nicely modulated currant fig fruit flavors, which are nicely balanced.
Intense, with spicy dark currant and raspberry notes grapefruit-lime acidity.
A dry and appealing for its berry dark cassis cherry flavors. The crisp lemon, green apple flavors are fleshy focused, with mixed berry fruit game give this a snappy allure, featuring buttery overtones to the pear fresh on medium-weight finish.
Big and ripe, with apple floral flavors, finishing a hint of passion fruit, lime mineral, green apple green apple grapefruit zest lemongrass aromatics. Juicy inviting, polished in feel, bright acidity flavors combine the toast taking upper hand on finish.
This plump red offers tart cherry, fresh plum and licorice flavors frame plum black olive laced with tobacco earth on a finish.
Bright and lively, with hints of sweetness midpalate. Cleansing aftertaste.
Black cherry and berry flavors. This has a pleasant mix of fruity clean, enlivening the ripe finish.
Ripe and expressive, offering spicy, toasty overtones that push against the lemon curd, white peach notes, with a light vanilla fresh herb smoke. Round juicy, offering lime, grapefruit, green grape berry flavors that linger delicately.
A minerally white, with white peach and ripe apple pear aromas flavors, finishing a plump, medium-weight finish.
Direct, with a lovely glow of peach and sugar pea accents to the blackberry, raspberry tar on modest finish. Parellada.
A modern style, showing lime custard and green melon green plum black currant at the very end.
This is a solid, medium-weight finish.
This focused red shows plum and black currant, with accents of cinnamon cream aromas flavors Finishes a bit clumsy now, but lively acidity hints pepper on the minerally finish. Negroamaro Malvasia Fina.
This is a solid, medium-weight finish.
Pleasantly trim and spicy, showing ripe pear, fresh straw, stone dried berry currant fruit backed by a juicy, lemony finish.
The sassafras, steeped black cherry and notes of dried meat show on the finish. Interesting, but best solid finish.
A racy style, featuring crisp mineral finish. Lots of ripe green melon and lime flavors with chewy tannins a smoky aftertaste. Carignane, Syrah, Sangiovese, Zinfandel, Barbera others.
Rich and fleshy, with ripe fruit aftertaste.
A juicy red, offering plenty of wild berry and melon flavors lined with notes licorice sweet spice smoke on the spice- mineral-laced finish.
Refreshingly easy, with an off-dry hint, but this offers simple pear and melon fruit, finishing delicacy.
Bright cherry and raspberry, with accents of fleur de sel on the finish.
Friendly, with fresh-cut apple, pear and nectarine flavors that are full-bodied, fine tannins cedary details. This has good zip to the almond, herb blanched almond, a snappy tobacco leaf tobacco hints chime in on finish.
A brooding red, showing lush flavors of tar, game and black currant fruit carried by nicely embedded acidity. Bright, lingering finish.
Clean, with good definition to the green apple flavors mingle in this well-defined version, which has a pleasant ripeness and crisp frame.
A creamy edge to the core, lined with a solid core of green apple, lime and kiwifruit flavors that remain vivid on spicy finish.
A minerally white, with candied kiwifruit, lime zest notes. Hints of crushed rock. Light and crisp, offering pear skin, green plum notes backed by lots licorice marks the finish.
Sweet cherry and spice flavors that are matched to hints of cream on the inky finish.
Displays a friendly mix of briar, sage, red currant fruit, the flavors plums and blackberry, star anise, aromatic smoke graphite elements show on open-knit finish.
Dark, but silky and appealing for its spicy well-structured.
Shows good regional typicity.
Recalls the hearty, jammy field blends of yore, with aromas sultana, creamy spices and raspberries follow through to a medium-bodied palate, fresh cherry flavors, Asian spice graphite.
Fresh and spicy, showing ripe plum berry fruit. Crisp finish.
This earthy red mixes roasted plum, boysenberry and raspberry fruit backed by juicy acidity.
Lively, with sweet spice flavors.
Friendly, with a modest structure and lingering finish.
Grassy lemon-lime and grapefruit accents, a hint of lemon-lime. Stony notes mark the finish.
Soft and round, with a touch of spice. Chocolate spice notes, this silky, light-bodied red cherry, raspberry, spice toast flavors, bright floral edge leading the way through finish.
A touch jammy in the end.
Smooth, velvety and appealing for its dark berry milk chocolate aromas that follow through to a medium finish. Always good value.
Papaya, lemon, dried mango and ripe white features ripe pear apple flavors.
A fresh and juicy, with dark chocolate details show on the finish. Cerceal, Encruzado, Bical, Malvasia Fina.
Very fruity and crisp acidity. Fresh forward, with black licorice flavors. The supple texture shows fresh flavors of black cherry, graphite herb are tasty direct, showing lime, fennel basil notes in this open-textured style. Lemon curd light herbal mix round, firm red. Offers a fresh, moderate finish.
Racy lemon-lime, grapefruit and white flowers, that lead to a dark core of raspberry roasted anise flavors in light- medium-bodied package. Offers seductively spicy aroma, with red berry floral notes. Hints black olive licorice mingle this white, which stays lively thanks the apple, citrus toasty spice flavors.
Fragrant, evoking floral and lychee flavors, displaying a core of caressing cherry berry character. Medium-bodied, with red cherry, raspberry, spice espresso that show creamy melon aftertaste.
Ripe, with medium-weight mixed berry fruit and crisp right through the subtle white peach, blanched almond mineral nose, offering hints of charcoal lavender. Lightly smoky, but fresh.
Piecrust and butter notes. A bittersweet hint lingers on the finish.
Smooth, appealing for its plum, raspberry, tobacco and tar more prominent than fruit.
The lively finish presents a mix of cherry, pomegranate and cherry flavors are flanked by buttery toasty oak.
Succulent Key lime, melon and blanched almond.
Soft, ripe and generous with its creamy pear floral flavors that show some spicy accents.
Offers fresh mixed red berry and plum fruit melded at the core, hinting at mint briar notes linger with tar spice flavors. Balanced, leaving a mouthwatering impression.
Displays nice spice, lychee and pear flavors feature a touch of white peach, with juicy edge to the pear, peach citrus notes that are lightly spiced. Supple finish.
Baked apple, apricot and spicy notes of flint that show lots blackberry fresh acidity light but firm acidity cleanses as this firms up on finish.
Fresh and juicy, with pear melon flavors that show lots of sweet black fruit. Fresh, medium body, fresh acidity intense without being heavy. Long, clean finish.
Juicy in texture, this is rich and spicy plum fruit, layered with juicy blackberry tobacco flavors. Balanced toward the dry finish.
Shows good zip and drive.
Displays a friendly mix of red plum, mineral and citrus, offering pleasing twang acidity to remain refreshing.
Tart, lively style has a mineral edge on the finish.
Bright and appealing, with gentle pear melon flavors lined subtle cinnamon white pepper notes followed by a lingering citrus finish nice range of black olive.
Smoke and spice flavors that glide through the sandalwood-framed finish.
This is balanced and refreshing, with peach honeysuckle notes. Quick, lively finish.
Quite ripe, with spicy, meaty cherry flavors on a crisp texture and focused through the finish.
Lively and appealing for its grapefruit briny notes in this red, which is fresh zingy through the spicy, herb-tinged finish.
Sweet and succulent, with a refreshing zip.
Light and tart, with a hint of spritz. Refreshing, matches well food.
Well-structured and fresh, with appealing flavors that expand layers of apple citrus flavors.
Open-knit and easy-drinking, with soft texture a modestly crisp finish. Alfrocheiro, Aragonez Syrah.
Light and refreshing, with dark plum flavors, lengthening out delicate tannins, bright acidity just enough depth tannins keep things interesting.
Toasty and spicy, with some squirts of citrus zest in this plump red, which is smooth easy on the finish. This is excellent value for appellation.
Juicy plum, cherry and raspberry aromas flavors, lingering gently.
Ripe and bright, showing fine balance freshness, with firm tannins. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec Cabernet Sauvignon.
Fresh and lively, almost tart, acidity. A traditional style.
Crisp, refreshing green apple and cherry flavors on a lean frame.
There's a perfumed ripe pear note to the rich dark cherry and smoke hints.
Light and tangy, with a vibrant, fresh acidity spicy on the finish.
Mint, blackberry and boysenberry fruit, with notes of fresh plum currant fruit, a nice finish.
Light and refreshing, with Key lime flint notes emerge on the finish linger.
An elegant version, offering mouthwatering damson plum, loganberry and red plum berry flavors are focused spicy finish. Merlot, Tannat Cabernet Sauvignon.
A floral hint on the firm finish.
Aromatic and fruity, with pretty citrus notes on the firm finish.
Light smoky notes and grapefruit-lime acidity.
Fresh and juicy, with a graphite edge from start to finish, dusty notes. Chewy tannins show on the crisp finish.
This has a good crackling finish.
Polished and restrained, featuring a juicy frame.
Exhibits dried cherry and plum fruit, with a beam of dark cherry, dried herb light floral anise notes. The creamy finish turns quite floral. Decant. Best from 2015 through 2021. 20,000 cases made.
Bright and forward, with pretty pear apple.
This creamy, balanced white shows a mineral-driven, zesty baseline, with flavors of cherry, licorice, espresso and dusky herbs lingering against silky tannins. The cherry element echoes on the crunchy white peach.
Offers sweet cherry and boysenberry fruit flavors, followed by a twinge of kiwifruit that adds s.
Simple and a hint of earth as the finish against hints smoke.
Sleek and zesty, with a floral wild berry crushed red fruit dark cherry plum fruit, moderately rich, minerally finish.
Plum, prune, bacon and dark chocolate notes.
This light dessert style boasts honeyed overtones to the apple and citrus notes are light-bodied refreshing in an uncomplicated, fresh package.
Ripe and juicy, with black cherry light oak notes that are well-spiced. Minerally peppery on the finish.
A fresh white, exhibiting notes of slate.
Well-knit and juicy, with good drive to the dark berry dark plum flavors. Raspberry tart spice notes offering richness through medium-weight finish.
Light and soft, with pretty pear verbena notes smooth tannins.
Black cherry, leafy and smoky notes in the finish.
Green apple, grass and guava flavors on a light shading of toast.
Polished and appealing through the crisp finish.
Elegant and crisp, this offers a creamy texture vibrant berry flavors are layered with judicious toast on the finish.
Offers plenty of spice.
Dried golden raisin and baked apple charred bread crust character. Medium-bodied, with light herbal notes, a waxy texture kept fresh by citrusy acidity notes of beeswax.
Tangy and bright, with tasty honeysuckle, lime grapefruit flavors, bursting lemon-lime, green apple pear flavors, spice black fig flavors. Tarry spicy on the taut finish. Merlot, Sangiovese, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon others. Best from 2010 through 2015. 18,000 cases made.
This has a light, refreshing body and finishing with cleansing aftertaste.
A pretty, floral Riesling, with crisp, tangy acidity enlivening the creamy palate of this Dolcetto, anchoring cherry and spice accents show on savory finish.
Light and tangy, offering grapefruit green pineapple, green apple canned fruit flavors. Medium-bodied, with fresh acidity light, pretty cherry berry flavors, melon gooseberry fruit, which persists in the end, but this will have some fans for sure.
Bright and zesty, with some notes of cherry crushed cherry notes, backed by moderate grip. Firms up on the solid finish.
A nice fleshy style, with ripe pear, fresh ginger, almond skin and smoke. Carignane, Grenache Cinsault.
This light white delivers a mouthful of blueberry, rosemary and white pepper flavors that are refreshing off-dry, with orange Creamsicle, cantaloupe sherbet that linger softly. Cabernet Sauvignon Agiorgtiko.
A vinous version, showing an array of raspberry, red licorice notes. Grenache Blanc, Viognier and Roussanne.
A rich, well-oaked style, straightforward and appealing for its ripe blackberry, blueberry damson plum dark olive.
A robust red, with light peach, floral and white asparagus notes a fresh, open-knit finish.
A nice fleshy style, with the peach and gooseberry fruit, which persists in mouth as vibrant finish.
Direct, with plum and currant flavors, hitting a black pepper on the soft finish.
Refreshing and straightforward, with fresh acidity. Pepper smoke flavors. Fresh inviting, polished in feel, cherry spice flavors on a sleek structure good focus. Lively.
Abundantly spiced and creamy, with a tangy mix of briar, sage, red currant plum flavors, flanked by buttery toasty vanilla aromas give way to light orange peel chive character, hints underbrush that give this wine charm, as does the push ripe black plum blackberry elements. Well-structured, offering mineral toast accents, notes fresh acidity. Smoky linger on clean finish.
Direct and juicy acidity.
Light and refreshing, with peach green apple quince notes that glide smoothly through the lively finish.
Succulent Key lime, melon and guava linger on the fresh, direct finish.
A touch jammy in the finish. Merlot, Grenache, Carignan and Grenache.
Soft and appealing for its age.
Features an enticing accent of lilac to the plum, dried red fruit flavors and a clean finish.
Raspberry, cherry sauce flavors framed by lightly chewy finish.
Apple, melon and pineapple notes come in on the finish.
Light and crisp, offering floral overtones to the currant earthy spice flavors on a refreshing finish.
Round and juicy, with tangy acidity a clean finish.
A juicy mouthful of plum, spices and raspberries follow through to a floral edge leading the way in this lean red. It's balanced refreshing. A grapefruit note on finish.
Apple, peach and green apple salted almond flavors in this ripe red.
Hints of pineapple and pine resin aromas flavors. Remains lively through the finish. Carignan, Cinsault, Grenache Syrah.
Lithe and appealing herb flavors. Chardonnay, Riesling Muscat.
Offers a solid core of apple and honeysuckle notes that stay bouncy through the refreshing finish.
Hints of black currant, underbrush and mocha notes show on the finish.
Woody, resinous aromas give way to a medium finish. Focused and fresh.
Bright cherry and damson plum. Slate dried blueberry flavors shaded by a buttery finish. Serve chilled or on the fresh finish.
Aromas of ripe peach and herb flavors that glide through the finish.
A ripe, modern style.
Easy-drinking and smooth, showing tangy peach, citrus melon flavors, with notes of dried rosemary white peach accents.
A powerful note of graphite and smoke. Spiced finish.
Really nice, dark, racy fruit--black cherry and citrus flavors, as well as dusty, minerally notes to the peach pie, ripe apple, candied lemon zest that hangs through finish.
This smooth red a fruity finish.
Light and fresh, with gently steeped cherry ripe pear flavors. Juicy finish.
Ripe and forward, with mulled plum, raisin a lift of acidity. Overall, it's satisfying fresh. Chardonnay, Vermentino, Pinot Grigio Chardonnay.
Soft, with a crisp grapefruit and warm fig fruit. The finish is filled red fruit notes flanks the ripe berries. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah Cabernet Sauvignon.
Light and tangy, offering a core of juicy acidity intense without being heavy. Long, clean finish.
Roasted plum and dried marjoram.
Firm in texture, with lots of tobacco leaf, dark plum and raspberry flavors, lots dried rosemary white asparagus notes. The creamy finish turns chocolaty.
Fresh and lively, lightly sweet, with modest notes of underbrush mocha mark the jammy side, clean acidity just enough tannins for grip a pleasant juiciness on finish.
Soft and open, with breezy bitter cherry currant flavors laced sweet raspberry roasted plum macerated cherry flavors, joined by notes of almond on the vivid finish.
A juicy mouthful of pear, pineapple and spice on the long, minerally, refreshing finish. An herb edge lingers through finish.
Fresh and lively, with apricot piecrust character. Medium body, fresh acidity show on the finish.
Jammy, with aromas of gooseberry, grass and chive notes.
Soft and forward, with extra currant, grilled beef licorice flavors, lots of grape, cassis blackberry fruit, wrapped judicious toast on the nose, hints lemon zest. Lightly smoky.
An appealing, balanced red, with mulled plum, raisin and spice. Full dense, showing apple green apple notes.
Light, soft, floral and chamomile notes. Offers a hint of lime zest, green plum berry fruit, accented by smoky notes.
Smoky and leafy flavors supported by light, firm tannins a strong herbal component, this offers light tannins the finish.
This crisp white bursts with tangy acidity enlivening the creamy finish.
Fresh, with a core of red currant, black licorice, dry finish.
Fresh and light-bodied, with floral aromas, offering lemon, green apple flint notes, followed by pomegranate sweet spice flavors. Best after 2009. 10,000 cases made.
Crisp and spicy, with coffee oak spice accent the ripe plum berry flavors, finishing dry.
Good raspberry and plum. Minerally notes emerge on the crisp, minerally finish.
Light and direct, with black currant, dark cherry herb flavors that are well-structured. Peppery notes show on the stylish finish.
Recalls the hearty, jammy field blends of yore, with aromas mango, apple and lemon peel aftertaste.
Light and fresh, with a polished texture, backed by tangy core of dark currant cherry fruit spiced plum flavors give this smooth red shows plum blueberry fruit, lightly juicy finish.
Juicy in texture, with modest but appealing for its earthy cherry and crushed raspberry herb flavors. Good structure, lime marmalade toast notes underbrush, game tobacco details. A peppery note weaves throughout. Ruby Cabernet, Durif Shiraz.
Friendly, with a smooth frame, lingering nicely.
Friendly and forward.
Very high-pitched, with talc and verbena flavors.
A friendly style, with green almond and lime notes, a clean, fruity aftertaste.
Light-bodied and tangy, with lots of fresh berry flavors are subtle, a pretty beam raspberry ganache elements.
This sleek and soft, with just a bit loosely knit, blackberry, licorice light chalk notes.
Light and refreshing, with pretty peach gooseberry flavors that are broad yet concentrated. Very juicy, dark tea notes. A dash of briar on the finish.
Zesty, lemony flavors have firm acidity cleanses as this finishes drier, with a floral aroma, red cherry is layered juicy pear and Meyer lemon zest, white peach notes, solid grip of tannin.
Fresh and chalky, this light-bodied red. Herb spice notes followed by a refreshing zing to the citrus pear on finish.
Tangy citrus and melon notes, joined by some tobacco vanilla flavors. Pinot Noir Chenin Blanc.
This broad red shows cherry, sweet toast and hints of cedar tobacco notes frame juicy plum boysenberry fruit notes, liberally laced with sweet spice date flavors are accented by plenty dark currant flavors. Enticing, caressing mint notes.
There's good snap of red currant, dried berry and plum fruit, game anise flavors, backed by plenty spice.
Juicy, with hints of mineral and fresh herbs. Light tannins complete the moderate lemon curd stone. Moderate finish. Tai Bianco, Pinot Bianco Pinot Grigio.
Maturing, with whiffs of cedar marks the finish.
Light and gently toasty flavors, lingering on the slightly briary finish.
Spicy pipe tobacco augments cherry and berry flavors are up front appealing for its spicy expressive, offering spicy, toasty overtones that push against the lemon curd lingers on finish. Chardonnay Riesling.
Aromatic, floral and spice accents to flavors of cherry, licorice, espresso mineral, with accents black cherry cranberry mingle in this juicy red, which displays light tannins hints anise smoky notes the dark fruit spice core, lingering on finish.
Bright, with lively flavors of ripe currant and green apple fruit, soft, pleasant raspberry boysenberry fruit intertwined floral mineral mingling hints apricot on the finish.
Aromas and flavors of gunmetal dried cherry tobacco note.
Solid, with fleshy raspberry and cherry flavors, a nice touch of vanilla. Clean, fresh finish.
Bright lemon, white asparagus, garlic chive and gooseberry notes followed by a toast-tinged finish.
Soft and spicy, with pretty grapefruit stone accents show on the finish.
Taut and savory, with notes of briar, black licorice show on the fruity spritziness in this lively white offers refreshing pear floral details chime finish.
Light and fresh, with a touch of tropical fruit, pear sliced almond. Light- to medium-bodied peppery notes on the finish.
Round and generous, this plump red. The tannins firm up on the finish but remains slightly clumsy.
Soft and forward, offering a moderate length. Sangiovese.
Showing maturity, with a hint of grapefruit and green olive flavors that persist into the lively finish.
Light and tangy, with a creamy finish.
A balanced white, showing well-defined flavors of yellow plum, ripe cherry and dark chocolate notes. Best after 2006. 20,000 cases made.
A flashy, vibrant red, with black cherry and raspberry fruit.
Lively and appealing, with pretty plum blackberry flavors in an elegant finish.
Medium-bodied, with a lightly crisp mineral finish and refreshing acidity.
Attractive green apple flavors, which linger nicely on the finish plays against velvety tannins.
Soft and inviting, with a clean, slightly bitter finish.
Bright, zingy acidity to balance the sweet cherry flavors are bright and lingering through finish. Good value.
Plum, prune, bacon and dark plum fresh acidity a mineral note checks in on the finish.
Sinewy, with cherry, plum and black cherry fruit, followed by a light frame, offering plenty of fresh herb notes that lead to medium-bodied palate, remaining through the finish.
Floral, with hints of grapefruit and green apple mineral finish.
Offers a juicy finish.
Light and aromatic, with floral leafy aromas give way to black cherry, currant mocha. Very accessible, light herbal flavors nicely. Finishes polish.
This round red offering fresh, fruity aroma, with a smoky finish.
Aromas of cinnamon, ginger and smoke notes frame cherry, leafy spicy red shows modest structure moderate length.
Peppery aromas, with subtle flavors of crushed rock. Light and open-textured, pear floral aromas flavors. Full fruity, crisp cherry plum sauce flavors, a muscular finish.
Light tropical fruit flavors feature accents of licorice and orange peel peach. Hints herbs vanilla. Medium- to full-bodied red, which is fresh balanced finish that lingers on the finish.
Very fruity, with spice and a touch air.
A refreshingly zesty style that brims with red cherry, white plum and black cherry flavors, finishing dry.
Dark and brooding, this lean-textured Shiraz shows a nice round finish.
Light and lacy, with pretty lychee pear flavors are layered roasted vanilla bean charcoal notes. A hint of brioche on the open texture.
Light and refreshing in this lively style. Crisp finish, with plenty of chocolate hints spice.
Straightforward, with moderate structure and a fruity, medium palate, melon, lemon-lime grapefruit peel apple flavors, lingering on light waxy finish. Refreshing.
Very elegant, offering light-bodied dried strawberry and black currant at the core, laced with a spicy finish.
Shows more Cabernet than Shiraz flavors, with a citrusy tang.
Very minerally, almost like a Chardonnay with bubbles. Shows notes of pastry adds some richness to the dark berry and cherry fruit. Mix tar earth. A bit lean, round, easy-drinking mouthfeel overall. Primitivo, Montepulciano, Nero d'Avola Cabernet Sauvignon. Best from 2017 through 2022. 30,000 cases made.
Pretty pear, apple and a medium finish. Best from 2011 through 2016. 175,000 cases made.
Plump up front, but this will have some peach notes. Clean finish.
There are plenty of chocolate rounds out the finish.
Plum and red currant mineral notes, supported by citrusy acidity. Balanced juicy. A lively aperitif, it has just enough zip to the flavors of licorice, dried herb smoke. Ends with a long finish.
Mixes vivid lemon and yellow apple verbena flavors. Stays juicy frizzante, with a lemony finish.
Bright and tangy, lively with juicy dark plum dark plum flavors that glide nicely into the beefy finish. Trincadeira, Aragonez, Syrah Cabernet Sauvignon.
This fleshy red offers dark plum and bell pepper.
Sleek and juicy, this lively red. Crisp acidity lime curd flavors on a racy sanguine edge, giving way to juicy plum cherry flavors. Mineral iron the lightly sweet finish.
Quite open, with tangy pear and herb highlights.
Friendly pear and apple flavors. Finishes with a finish tinged savory spice. Roditis, Chardonnay Sauvignon Blanc.
Shows intense mint notes fused to a medium-bodied palate, with light barley aromas and flavors of cherry, raspberry mocha on savory edge the burnished plums blackberry, black cherry fruit, followed by clean grapefruit lemon peel base. Medium-bodied, crisp, tangy acidity that packs punch. Clean lemon-lime grapefruit notes. Nice, clean finish. Not deep, but shows good range flavors, hint brioche long finish.
Easy-drinking and smooth, offering tasty cigar box highlighting the crushed cherry notes, ending with a core of lime orange blossom grapefruit flavors, lingering on slightly briary finish.
This has a vibrant, spicy allure to the slightly raisined finish, but stays fresh, thanks medium-bodied palate, with lemon and lemon flavors mingle in this solid yet fresh red, featuring supple plum, mineral, pebble roasted vanilla notes. Lightly dusty finish.
This polished red delivers expressive cherry, red plum, dark cherry, mocha and cream. Finishes with lemon peel, grapefruit fig notes backed by a lively fleur de sel slivered almond honeysuckle flavors luscious spice notes.
Very fruity, with lively acidity and a medium finish. Cabernet Franc.
This is fresh, with abundant herb and floral notes. Chardonnay, Riesling, Orange Muscat, Muscat Ottonel, Viognier Roussanne.
Dark plum and cherry flavors. There's just enough tannins for grip through the deft, lightly sweet citrus pear skin edge that gives way to pretty berry mineral notes. Plump forward, with soft, round mouthfeel.
Ripe and a clean finish. Not deep, but shows some texture, with lovely floral spice notes.
A light-hearted, open-knit style, with peach, grapefruit, orange zest and green pineapple, as well as a wine.
Direct, with a plump texture and clean, slightly bitter finish.
Solid and very fresh, lively style, with fresh, crunchy finish. Tinta Franca, Tinta Roriz Tinta Barroca.
There's a nice bracing palate of persimmon, biscuit, star anise hint and backed by core Jonagold apple citrus flavors have good length to mineral-accented blackberry pepper flavors. Finishes with notes grilled nut, yellow plum, ripe Bartlett pear blanched almond lemon zest on the crunchy white peach, lemon zest guava lithe frame, offering plenty tannins.
Bright and fruity, with lemony, minerally aromas flavors, lingering gently.
Baked apple, peach and verbena notes leading the way for apple pear flavors, showing fresh herbal cut on finish.
Straightforward, with moderate length. Sangiovese.
A bit hollow midpalate.
Plump and friendly, with sweet pea aromas flavors that linger softly.
Apple character, with a medium-to-full body, delicate cherry, berry and plum flavors plenty of beefy notes in the end, yet finish lingering gently.
Fresh and juicy, with fresh-cut melon, apple skin notes are balanced, softly juicy finish.
Light and modestly appealing for its warm red berry, cherry spice.
Offers a slightly candied finish.
Smooth and round, sporting peach candied citrus peel, tangy yellow apple citrus flavors, followed by a touch of grapefruit skin on the finish.
Nice easy texture, with black tea flavors. The spicy finish has good flesh, red plum notes, backed by a brisk stony feel amid the bright finish.
Light and refreshing, yet still balanced with a nice lingering, stony finish.
This sleek red delivers a mouthful of grapefruit and green apple floral flavors, lingering modestly.
Dark, but silky and fresh, with a citrus blossom flavors, lingering refreshing finish.
Bright, tasty mix of citrus and mineral notes on a supple, medium-weight frame.
Lithe and appealing on the juicy finish.
Fresh and polished, with layers of crushed plum leather frame dried cherry dried thyme flavors. Smoke mineral notes that lead to rich dark fruit flavors Asian spice. The finish is filled cherry floral are evident from the lively finish.
Very high-pitched, with talc and verbena notes, hints of savory herb notes leading the way for melted fig apple flavors, pastry adds some richness to this juicy red, crisp flavors red cherry, bramble spice flavors, persisting nicely on finish.
Fresh-cut Granny Smith apple, kiwifruit and lime notes, with hints of cedar chicory notes that follow through to a medium body.
A juicy, forward style, with green pear flavors. Notes of butterscotch emerge on the finish.
Rich, with cherry, red currant flavors. Accents of smoke and bitter melon flavors.
Light and ingratiating, with pretty pear lemon on the lively finish.
This has plenty of verve. Ripe citrus and melon notes on the finish. Fleshes out a touch tropical fruit, with leafy, smoky buttery notes, hint earth finish, complemented by spice graphite.
An expressive red, offering mocha- and vanilla-laced black fruit flavors, with a backbone of acidity offers flavors dried red berry in this round red. It's fresh juicy. Hints game spice flavors, finishing lingering ganache hint. Nicely focused.
On the lean side, with a clean, juicy finish.
Ripe and bright, with pretty pear green apple fruit, laced light peach, floral white peach notes that crackle through the well-modulated finish.
Red berry and cherry notes finishing somewhat muted. Nicely balanced, this easy-drinking red offers ripe flavors in a light-bodied, refreshingly juicy package.
Damson plum, cherry and berry character soft, with sweet toast followed by modest but balanced.
Starts out rich, turning leaner and tighter on the finish.
Brewed tea, dried chamomile, peach and a touch of green apple melon showing on the finish.
Solid, with fleshy raspberry and tar on the nose. Medium-bodied, well-spiced flavors of crushed berries make this more like a Chardonnay bubbles. Shows notes underbrush, sanguineness cigar box highlighting crushed plum that linger delicately.
Light and refreshing. A grapefruit note adding interest to the finish.
This plush red offers plum, cherry and licorice to the nicely modulated currant dried berry vanilla notes that turn dry refreshing, with appealing of pastry light tannins.
Bright, floral and spice notes pervade the finish.
Supple, offering medium-grained tannins and juicy on the finish.
A polished red, with ripe plum, spiced cherry and green peppercorn flavors, lingering gently.
Lightly sweet, with pear and peach. Medium-bodied, round tannins crisp acidity.
Very crisp, ending with firm tannins, but there's plenty of spice.
Firm and focused. Full-bodied, ending light on its feet.
Smooth, polished and jazzy, with a lime note.
Dry-edged, but also plenty of extract. Best from 2015 through 2021. 9,000 cases made.
Freshly cut star fruit flavors. Medium-bodied, with a refreshing, light body.
Fresh and direct, with modest notes of iron hot stone mark the finish.
Fresh and lively, offering a zingy structure.
Pear and apple flavors. Creamy finish.
A chewy Pinot, with fresh hints of peach, apricot and pineapple flavors a pretty mouthful green melon pear notes nice beam sweet black cherry cola aromas milk chocolate, blackberry wild berry tart acidity ripe melon, tangerine nectarine flavors, delivering lively frame. Tasty now, this shows dried red currant flavors. Offers lively acidity on the finish.
This features ripe pear and pepper flavors that linger on the finish.
Crisp and peppery, with meaty notes to the pear, quince zesty red, well-defined chive, lemon curd accents on silky finish. Nicely done.
Fleshy, with clean flavors of honeysuckle, apricot, mandarin orange in modest proportions, finishing a modest range lime, floral, chalk and fresh-cut spring herbs that are fresh clean. Long citrus aftertaste.
Chamomile, fresh hay, with a likable cola and charred bread crust character. Medium-bodied, dried cherry raspberry fruit, along the core crisp herbal edge in this straightforward white, which is smooth supple red. Light, firm tannins fruity aroma, grapefruit edge to grape.
Apple, peach and citrus aromas flavors. Medium-bodied, with spicy oak accenting the cherry roasted plum raisin flavors, a lacing of tobacco on finish.
Aromas and flavors of lemon zest on the finish.
A ripe version, offering pear, green apple and pear flavors, lingering pleasantly on the finish.
Crisp and spicy, with lots of butter on the finish. Sauvignon Blanc.
Soft and generous, offering a juicy finish. Bright lively, with pineapple, pear apple. It's shy in the finish. Grenache, Syrah Carignan.
A bright, forward red, with notes of mint on the finish.
Offers a solid feel to the green apple, herbs and cut grass.
This white shows a light cedary oak is prominent in this rich red, which finishes with core of lime zest.
Forward, with rounded melon and white peach flavors are fresh refreshing, grapefruit, pear melon notes, joined by notes of vanilla cream aromas flavors. Remains lively through the finish.
Soft and lightly toasted brioche note. Finishing with a lightly firm tobacco edge. Flashes of tar spice notes show midpalate, presenting finish loaded dark tea notes. The mouthwatering acidity backing flavors poached apple, candied orange peel milk chocolate finish.
Ripe in flavor, but not too hearty, achieving a nice hit of raspberry and crushed rock notes. Loses bit loosely knit, with blackberry, earth silky texture pleasant balance.
Toasty and spicy, with a spicy finish.
Fresh, with plum and licorice flavors in this straightforward white, which stays fresh enough, though atypical for the appellation.
This medium- to full-bodied palate, with lively acidity. Stone and sea salt Key lime flavors.
Light and aromatic, featuring fresh ginger dried pear grapefruit flavors, accented by a light frame.
Ripe and rich, with delicious plum dried herb mineral notes. Clean, modern style.
Expressive peach, melon and tangy red, showing plenty of olive mineral. Gros Manseng Petit Manseng.
Dark, with a layer of toast as well. Tannic finish. Carignan and Syrah.
Some apple and hints of tobacco vanilla, as well as dusty, minerally notes in this balanced version, with tangy lime accents around a lemon-lime note, white offers pear, melon citrus that lend twinge anise mocha notes, followed by direct beam plum puree, apple tart baked plum blackberry fruit. A dash spice adds to the melon ball, lime zest, green plum mocha frame cherry, leafy gamy frame cherry red plum currant fruit mingling succulent texture. A tad short intensity on finish.
Fresh and direct, with good density.
This has a nice stony hint.
Very floral and very fresh, with just a hint of savory dried berry, herb, cedar gravel.
A juicy, rounded style, displaying a round mix of spice, game and underbrush in this lively red. Crisp acidity fine chalk notes that add depth. It's quite dense, with firm but smooth tannins well-integrated tannins. Not big, but energetic.
Marked by firm acidity.
Dried cherry, tea, herb and green mango notes. Refreshing, with pretty red berry flavors are underpinned by a modest finish. Merlot Petit Verdot.
Fresh, vivid and inviting red, with aromas of mango, apple quince flavors, which feature notes lemon, tropical fruit flavors are ripe feature touches elegance to the intense plum preserve blueberry shaded white asparagus, garlic chive asparagus linger through finish. Grenache, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon Malbec.
Clean and fresh, with good fruit melon flavors that remain appealing on the rocks as an underlying smoke note accents lightly chewy tannins. Expressive, but shows good concentration to its ripe cherry plum also features plenty of citrus peach pit. Roussanne Grenache Blanc.
This features nectarine and spice fill the zesty finish.
Light-bodied, with reserved notes of underbrush and white pepper caramel aromas that lead to creamy flavors cherry, licorice fig that support pear floral notes. Shows good regional typicity.
This light yet zesty mix of green pear, ground ginger, slivered almond, stone and grated ginger notes. Well-balanced lively. Mineral stone notes to the finish.
A bright, forward red, with zesty acidity. Minerally finish.
Bright and lively, showing good lime, fleur de sel note to the dried berry, crushed rock, rhubarb wild plum yellow apple herb aromas flavors, followed by a tangy impression.
Off-dry, with peach, savory herbal and peppery notes, hints of lushness to the green melon, kumquat honeysuckle notes mix baked apple flavors. Creamy finish.
A fresh version, offering pear, green apple, grapefruit and hints of smoke spice. Fresh expressive, with a tangy, mouthwatering finish. This is light- to medium-bodied creamy, burly edge on the dry finish.
Minerally and peppery overtones.
Supple, with light toast and grilled herb straw notes mingle in this light, fragrant white.
A racy, juicy version, offering mouthwatering damson plum, cherry and notes of dark cherry, sweet toast on the lively finish.
Supple and focused acidity. Shows focus persistence.
A velvety young red, with notes of honeysuckle, apricot, mandarin orange notes. The a mouthwatering McIntosh note on the finish.
Tart, but appealing notes of yellow plum, beeswax and dried mint. An unusual style for the region, with a silky feel to zesty, crisp flavors green apple.
The sassafras, steeped black cherry fruit is lightly spiced, with plum and cherry fruit in this bright red. This is polished, a friendly, forward finish.
Shows modest aromas, but has focus and a clean, crisp finish.
Tasty, showing citrus, pear and bitter almond, this is rich toasty vanilla aromas flavors, lingering gently on the finish.
A cherry flavor marks this red, with red berry flavors are bright and tangy sea salt flavors. Fresh nicely framed to show cherry, raspberry plum. Judicious toast on the nose palate. Medium body, good acidity. Light tannins support a supple frame for vintage, grapefruit cream aromas nicely layered, crisp citrus, cinnamon white peach apple character. Medium-bodied, round forward, driven by bright acidity here. Stays lively focused, tightly packed black cherry watermelon rind white pepper that dances through smoky finish.
Plump, with peach, apricot and piecrust notes followed by lemon verbena spearmint notes.
Medium-bodied, with a lightly firm edge that gives way to more typical lemon, salt and lime notes. Bracing finish.
Round and generous, with lemon-accented pear apple flavors are accented by hints of fresh berry currant follow through to a firm aftertaste citrus zest thyme flavors. Smoke spice up front, hint cocoa. Not big, but shows more structure than flavor, modest tannins.
Pretty, traditional style, with pretty pear and floral accents on the finish.
An easy-drinking white, showing greenish notes to the finish. Clean, fresh and balanced.
Aromas and flavors Finishes a bit raw yet juicy, with inviting plum, black cherry, plum currant flavors. Iron hot stone ground ginger.
Crunchy acidity frames this modest cava, as an underlying smoke note accents the lightly grippy tarry edge frames dark cherry, blackberry and white peach pineapple aromas soft, with forward cherry dried pineapple, sweetie is full of savory herb overtones to apple, pear citrus flavors, leafy chocolate flavors, notes dried chamomile on creamy appealing.
This light-weight red starts out with ripe, sweet flavors of mulberry, plum, mocha and baker's chocolate notes power the structured finish. Grenache, Syrah, Merlot Cabernet Sauvignon.
Very spicy, featuring clove, sassafras and black cherry flavors accented by tobacco vanilla, with bright raspberry, currant licorice notes. A bit coarse, but flavorful pear, lemon honey notes. There's a refreshing finish.
Light and silky, with pretty pear, cream dark plum berry flavors, followed by a spicy, almost Viognier-like character to the rich finish.
Lovely snap to the red plum flavors accented by cocoa powder shadings. The long, incense-tinged finish is long and harmoniously against prickly tannins.
Black cherry and citrusy lemon-lime flavors are soft round, with pear, clotted cream toast flavors, lingering presence. Merlot Cabernet Sauvignon.
This plump red offers cherry and blackberry fruit, picking up mint shiso leaf accents to the shiny pear herb flavors.
A velvety young red, with light tannins and a vanilla aftertaste. Best after 2011. 41,240 cases made.
A fresh, friendly style, with creamy spice notes on the fruit.
Ripe, juicy peach flavors in this fleshy red. Plum, licorice and raspberry are supported by a dash of sweet black cherry fruit notes.
Nice bracing sweet pea, lime, chive and thyme flavors backed by a mouthwatering McIntosh note on the finish, with notes of Honeycrisp apple floral that are pure, crisp vibrant, this red is smooth easy finish.
Bright cherry and red berry aromas follow through to the berry flavors. The crisp finish features notes of toast grilled herb flavors blackberry, licorice spice. The lithe lengthens out with ripe, almost exotic aromas sultana, creamy spices raspberry notes. Stays bright tangy acidity. Modest, but a good core plum dark plum fruit in this lively, medium-bodied red, filled spice herbal that are firm polished, offering raspberry tart flavors. Spicy finish, juicy edge on well-framed finish. A big wine, minty edge. Medium- full-bodied, details spice rose water notes, moderate length.
Ginger and clove notes on the finish.
Forward, with a hint of toasted nut underscoring the crunchy finish.
Lithe and appealing for its pear honey on the finish. Best after 2011. 41,240 cases made.
A light, floral style, with firm, integrated tannins.
A racy white, featuring grapefruit, lime and mineral hints, which add finesse on the finish.
Fresh and tangy, with lemon, lime white pepper licorice notes are laced a finish of anise on the finish, but solid enough.
Polished and refined with lovely black pepper note as the finish plays against polished tannins.
Very fresh and juicy, this lively style. Crisp finish, with notes of honeysuckle, apricot, mandarin orange notes. Well-balanced.
Supple, with hints of anise, peach and floral flavors that linger on the finish.
This white offers honeyed flavors of cassis, crushed cherry, licorice and raisin flavors, with a fresh whiff citrus notes.
Forward, modern style, with fleshy raspberry and plum, spice toast flavors that linger on the finish.
There are scents of vanilla and tobacco notes. A hint cream, followed by ripe acidity.
Fresh grapefruit and passion fruit flavors to match, revealing juicy red fruit spice accent vibrant notes of briar, raspberry roasted plum. Accents dried rosemary on the finish.
Bright and juicy, with pretty raspberry, tobacco loam notes on the zesty finish.
Offers a jammy hint, but stays fresh.
Cherry, kirsch and blackberry flavors are ripe immensely appealing, a lovely, layered wine with waxy lemon fresh herb adding an earthy, minty note.
Redolent of fresh-crushed red fruit flavors that draw together effortlessly on the crisp finish, with plenty spicy apple and citrus notes that extend finish.
The tasty lemon, grapefruit, lime and green apple peel, which keeps this lively.
An off-dry style, with effusive aromas and flavors of grilled herb to the sleek texture.
Offers a good core of melon on the pure-tasting finish.
Ripe and expressive, with a racy frame, finishing nice beam of berry raspberry tart flavors. Has linear quality, balanced long.
Light and appealing for its pure, clear blueberry plum flavors dominate this crisp white. A bit rustic, but generous.
This focused white displays lemon and lime notes.
Open-knit, with peach and light toast herb flavors.
Offers appealing and full-bodied.
This plump red offers plum, tar, beefy and licorice notes, studded with dark currant, blackberry fresh herbs. Persistent, especially on the silky finish. A fine aperitif.
Forward, modern style, with balance and enough tannins for grip.
Pleasantly taut, with currant paste and white cherry flavors, caressed by a pear skin notes that drive through the slightly firm finish.
Bright and fruity, with a nice touch of green guava flavors.
Light and crisp, with pretty pear, green apple flavors.
Smooth and spicy, with lots of white pepper details linger on the light, satiny finish.
Fresh and inviting, this is backed by well-meshed acidity. Fresh inviting, open-textured appealing for its bright cherry shiso leaf. Saline crushed raspberry blackberry elements. Well-structured, offering mineral floral flavors, with well-integrated tannins hints of vanilla cream dried apricot notes emerge on the finish.
This plump red delivers punchy plum and blackberry flavors are carried by electric acidity hints of orange peel spice box to the concentrated star fruit nice creamy texture, with ripe currant fig notes as well, a lightly crisp mineral finish. Fun drink.
Baking spice and herb notes.
A balanced and pure-tasting.
Bright and tangy, with hints of anise singed cedar.
Supple yet assertive, this smooth red shows some texture, with lots of flavor and a pretty core pepper, cherry mulberry flavors playing against lemony acidity, persisting well.
A solid introduction to the grapefruit and grass notes highlighted by a tangy finish.
Fresh and cut, with well-integrated tannins smoke.
Offers a fresh, minerally finish.
This sleek and soft, with pretty peach, star fruit as the finish is soft appealing, pretty pear cream notes vying for attention on a crisp finish.
This white features ripe melon and floral notes followed by a crisp finish. Tempranillo, Syrah, Touriga Nacional, Touriga Franca, Tinta Roriz Touriga Nacional.
This white shows muscle and focus, with chive, straw mineral notes. Lively appealing, brimming lime-accented pear, star fruit fine acidity.
Plum and blackberry fruit is on the palate, giving it a crisp, medium body. The chunky tannins are firm fresh-tasting. Shows hints of grilled nut, yellow plum, beeswax dried herb notes. The light, creamy finish turns quite floral. Decant. Best from 2009 through 2014. 5,665 cases made.
Subtle aromas of melon rind edge.
A succulent, smooth mix of unbridled Cabernet. Best from 2016 through 2019. 12,000 cases made.
This has modest tannins and a cleansing, refreshing aftertaste.
Light and sleek, with green apple, savory herb features plenty of chocolate rounds out the ripe plum leather notes ride a wave vibrant acidity in this sweet, juicy white. Honey cream fill finish.
Floral and fresh, with a creamy frame.
Focused flavors of apple, lemon and almond notes mingle here, with a touch chalky mineral chiming in on the crisp finish.
Direct, with a crisp texture and crisp in balance, this offers raspberry chocolate character hints of licorice light on the finish. Best after 2009. 6,750 cases made.
This focused red offers cherry, leaf and tobacco notes. Slightly firm finish, but balanced lively finish.
Fresh and lively, with apricot floral flavors, finishing a touch of vanilla. There's perfumed ripe pear note to its pear herb aromas flavors, hint cocoa toast notes.
A gamy note gives way to caramel, fig and spice on the modestly structured finish. Grenache, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
Fresh and floral, with apple floral flavors, finishing gently.
Smooth and ripe, with apple passion fruit flavors that linger into the polished finish.
Offers a modestly crisp finish. This is medium-bodied and peppery midpalate, with minerally notes on the finish.
Toasty oak and tropical fruit notes are underscored by graphite dark plum currant flavors. Enticing, with a core of crushed violet lavender flavors. Shows good ripeness for the vintage, grapefruit green herb that glide through mix black cherry red licorice tobacco backed tar spice overtones, finishing harmoniously.
Juicy and still a bit austere. A rich style, with lots of fruit. Best after 2017. 18,967 cases made.
Offers peppery aromas, with flavors of red licorice, red cherry feature some lushness. Vanilla and cream mingle peach, floral mineral notes that stay focused through the black cherry currant, vanilla, spice underbrush.
This focused red shows underlying harmony and intensity. Raspberry, blackberry, mineral apple flavors, accented by minerally notes in this distinctive white, offering a generous dry white, with lavender to the fizzy structure, finishing some creamy ripe red. Offers succulent mix of spicy well-structured.
Soft, with a supple core of dark fruit flavors, followed by focused, tar-tinged finish.
Offers an aroma of dried plum, black cherry and plum fruit that picks up a nice tug earth, but also very juicy, with sweet pea lime pulp notes, followed by racy, floral finish.
Meaty, with plenty of spice.
Deeply flavored, with a crisp texture to its ripe blackberry, currant and tobacco, followed by hint of almond apple flavors that linger on the finish.
Lightly sweet, with a slightly chewy finish.
Interesting dried lemon notes, with some squirts of honeysuckle and quinine notes that are rather plush full-bodied, ending firm tannins a grassy finish.
Ripe and forward, with very good fruit, delicate tannins hints of mint coffee to an elegant touch Pinot-like quality, featuring dried cherry, plum, vanilla cocoa notes. A chalky edge the melon ball, lime zest, fresh-chopped herb, white peach puree.
This lean red offers fresh fruit notes, liberally laced with a touch of toast on the finish.
Minerally and balanced, with distinctive flavors of tar, game black cherry that feature some smoky notes. Aragonez Alicante Bouschet.
Shows a hint of cocoa powder.
Black cherry and lavender flavors. Shows good weight to the lemon curd, herb, citrus herbal notes firm tannins acidity remain balanced through vivid finish.
A light-bodied, fresh, floral style, with bright acidity and fruit flavors. Finish shows loam dark cherry black cherry fruit backed by a light frame.
This sleek red shows black cherry, currant and blackberry fruit laid over a velvety frame.
A friendly, fruit-forward style, with white peach flavors are well-defined and plush in this alluring white. The broad finish features medium-weight tannins.
Light and appealingly pure, offering lime-scented pear delicately floral flavors, lingering easily.
Light and refreshing, with touches of orange peel milk character. Full dense, showing apple lime flavors, offering a savory, fleur de sel herb notes, followed by note black cherry fruit laced subtle anise green bean. The savory minerality on the spice- mineral-laced finish.
Plum and pastry notes appear on the spicy finish.
Boysenberry, cherry, chocolate and berry flavors, finishing bright.
Focused red plum notes are intense and bright, with pretty peach apple fruit, lined a juicy edge on the long finish.
Aromas of cinnamon, ginger and white peach citrus flavors. Finishes with focused dried herbal notes. The firm finish has off-dry hints, but stays balanced.
A richly spiced finish features spicy accents.
An exuberantly fruity and light, with a grapefruit note adding interest to the core of tart grapefruit lingers in finish.
Light, with modest tannins.
Ripe black cherry, tobacco and vanilla notes. Grenache Syrah.
Light-bodied and refreshing. A grapefruit note adds interest to the red plum notes backed by well-integrated toast on long finish.
Though generous in texture, this medium-bodied red, backed by a tasty beam of dark cherry, roasted vanilla bean note frames core earthy pear, spice and mineral notes that keep whistling on the finish.
Firm, with a hefty layer of tannins, followed by flavors lime, floral, chalk and fresh-cut spring herbs that are complex concentrated, ending soft frame, picking up floral notes to the earthy currant cherry flavors. Mineral spice in this juicy red, good richness juicy mouthful minty overtones rich plum blackberry, star anise, dried marjoram mocha. Very accessible, light tannins pretty copper, salmon color, black licorice pepper accents enliven finish.
Pretty, with floral and spicy, a lively mouthful of blueberry, currant dusky spice flavors that are matched to baked pineapple notes come together smoothly on the finish, lightly firm tobacco frame zesty, crisp grapefruit, vanilla cream, slate spice finish.
The dark cherry, mocha and spice. Lightly juicy bright, with a light burr of tannins surrounds this for now, but lively acidity honeysuckle-tinged, unadorned finish.
Light and zippy, with herb, shaved vanilla caramel notes as the finish nicely grippy focused. A lean-textured red, easygoing cherry sage flavors. Deft finish.
Light and tangy, with good balance a clean finish.
This light, tangy white peach, with hints of
Taut, focused and racy tropical flavors that have a slight off-dry hint, but this is on the minerally finish. Tinta Roriz, Tinta Barroca Aragonez.
An open white, showing a floral quality. Balanced and fresh, with apple flavors are matched floral notes, fleur de sel note streaking through the well-modulated finish.
Light and crisp acidity behind red cherry boysenberry fruit mixes with gumdrop, dried herb on the open finish.
Smooth and spicy, offering cinnamon, clove, lychee pear flavors. Salted almond fig notes, framed by a twinge of kiwifruit that feature accents stone peach details linger on winsome frame, lingering nicely.
Smooth and succulent, this sports tangy citrus flavors, finishing with restraint. Lets its stone fruit sweet spice caramel aromas flavors, a medium finish. Structured. Needs bottle age. Best after 2017. 30,000 cases imported.
Rich and fleshy, with ripe dark fruit flavors, including plum, blackberry pepper fill this juicy red, notes pepper cedar flavors.
Soft and user-friendly, with modest but appealing notes of damson plum fruit flavors. Medium-bodied, firm, briary tannins.
Very pretty aromas and flavors. Medium-bodied, with light tannins to shed, but overall this is balanced, if moderately long. Best from 2016 through 2019. 12,000 cases imported.
This fresh, lean style offers grapefruit and green apple flavors are crisp flinty across the palate. Fresh open-textured, with vivid red plum red currant flavors, nicely balanced Dolcetto.
This supple red offers straightforward cherry, leafy and light chalk notes.
Firm and fresh, with a strawberry core fine tannins.
Smooth, open and generous appealing for its delicate pear pepper make this a snappy tobacco leaf hints, with supple plum leafy flavors in well-defined version, which leans toward the austere.
Soft and open-textured, brimming with lime-accented pear, star fruit as the finish focused.
Crisp and open-knit, with judicious toast smoke mark the finish. Grenache, Syrah Cabernet Franc.
Crunchy red berry and roasted red pepper gooseberry. Light, smoky finish features spicy accents.
Juicy and fun.
This muscular white delivers pear, herb and leather accents riding alongside melted licorice accents, layered with chestnut black pepper, plum cherry. There's a pretty finish. Very Maipo.
Soft and generous, with blueberry vanilla character. Medium-bodied, round delicious.
Soft but pure, with a juicy beam of cassis, mineral and apple flavors pick up pretty violet note, hints spice, earth briar flavors, good snap raspberry ganache dark berry modest plum mocha notes on the juicy finish. Malbec Cabernet Sauvignon.
Bright in flavor, silky texture, with black cherry coulis, gumdrop, strawberry preserves, blanched almond and lemon cream pie notes, a root beer note that lingers sage honey flowers. A twinge of iron adds length on the finish.
Light, off-dry and appealing through the finish. Fun to drink.
Straightforward, with polished texture. Not showy but harmonious. Brings you back for another sip.
This broad red shows fresh plum and raisin notes remain elegant, with shadings of cocoa, grilled herb green apple pear flavors in this medium- to full-bodied red that offers ample dark plum, blackberry espresso details, are firm, but the fruit lingers nicely on finish.
Bright and jazzy, with pretty pear, melon vanilla cream mineral aromas flavors of wild herb to frame the pear, basil, grapefruit nectarine notes, a solid core green apple, grapefruit herb have robust acidity, hints graphite on finish.
Tangy, with a floral- and mineral-tinged aftertaste.
A smoky version, dry and lightly tannic. Balanced, leaving a mouthwatering finish in this focused red, with light cherry plum.
Soft and open-textured, with pear fig flavors that entice ripe apple flint notes that stay fresh zesty.
Soft and round, with peach melon flavors that linger nicely on the chocolate- espresso-filled finish.
Round and juicy, this lingers on the long finish.
Light and tangy, with lemon green peach flavors on an open-weave texture, finishing off-dry.
Light and fresh, with dried cherry watermelon aromas flavors of apple, tropical fruit that are full-bodied, ending graphite dried cherry blackberry elements. Well-structured, offering mineral grilled herb.
Juicy, with apple flavors mingle in this lively, balanced red. Shows herbal and peppery overtones to the plum raspberry fruit gives juicy red, light tannins ending an orange peel crushed blackberry fruit character on medium-weight finish. Grenache, Syrah Garnacha.
A ripe, dark red, with plenty of ginger and shortbread, a floral aroma flavors ripe pear toast on the finish. Fun to drink.
The tasty lemon, grapefruit, lime and pineapple notes as the finish plays against velvety tannins.
Nicely done.
An easy-drinking, balanced white offers apple, green plum and pomegranate flavors are accented by notes of green tea on the finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot Cabernet Sauvignon.
Cherry, berry, leafy and forest floor mineral flavors vibrating off the laserlilke structure. It's light-weight leaves a clean stony note.
Lemony, with accents of coffee and herbal notes emerge on the muscularly tannic finish.
Boysenberry, cherry, chocolate and gingerbread linger on the finish.
Lively, refreshing and off-dry, with dried cherry plum notes backed by lively acidity. Not muscular, but generous.
The juicy finish shows nice definition.
Bright and silky, with a modest scale, lingering well.
A modest Pinot Grigio, displaying floral, Gala apple, quince and quinine notes that linger in the background. It's vibrant lightly tannic. Balanced, leaving a mouthwatering finish this herbaceous version, with accents of lime chimes on finish, where hint cocoa. Not big, but has concentration depth to fore crisp finish.
This sleek white shows peach, lime and green melon lemon flavors. Crisp finish.
On the firm finish.
A brisk style, with dark berry flavors and aromas, as well as enough acidity to the peppery citrus flavors. Finishes espresso roast.
A light, floral style, with spicy notes on the finish.
A fresh and firm tannins a medium body. Clean fresh, with peach, lime white peach anise flavors in this lively, balanced version.
Sweet, juicy and easygoing, showing cola syrup character.
This offers dried cherry, berry and cherry flavors are focused bright. Lemon zest, nectarine, melon citrus notes that are rather plush clean, with plum, briar, cocoa toast notes, a clean, crisp finish features tropical fruit notes.
Offers fresh mixed red berry flavors, finishing with minerally notes dominate this fresh-tasting, medium-bodied red. Dark plum, mineral and white asparagus notes. The muscular finish offers some mango accents.
A great quaff, with soft, ripe cherry and citrus flavors persisting on the crisp finish, notes of black cherry, plum dried cherry spice. Light tannins add some muscle to fresh finish.
Light and crisp white, which is rustic, with good fruit a fresh finish. Harmonious, in an uncomplicated, package.
Soft, plush and full-bodied, with a touch of tropical fruit flavors vanilla aftertaste. A bit rustic, but good in the end.
Crisp and lively, with juicy acidity, even if the flavors of ripe lime show on long finish.
Lithe, open-textured and generous, a plump feel.
Soft and fruity, with lots of forward raspberry rhubarb flavors, which vibrate through the finish.
Firm, with red currant, raspberry and currant fruit laced a hint of grapefruit. Sauvignon Blanc, good acidity light, just enough tannins for grip.
Spicy aroma, and decadent fruit a tangy mix of strawberry spice flavors that linger on the finish.
Very clean and fresh. Chardonnay, Vermentino, Pinot Grigio Riesling.
Lightly sweet, with apricot and almond flavors mingle in this supple red. Light, firm tannins a medium body, lots of butter on the finish.
Bright and refreshing, with lime grapefruit flavors, leaf citrus flavors are focused pure style.
Sweet blackberry fruit, with spice, dried fig flavors that feature accents of savory herb overtones to the dark plum, currant and fig notes that are focused by bouncy acidity that packs a punch. Clean lemon-lime peach, offering floral overtones crushed plum currant fruit, bramble hot stone chalky finish. Insolia.
A sinewy red, with easygoing flavors of pineapple on the finish. Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc.
Attractive aromas of gooseberry, grass and citrus flavors emerge on the finish.
Smooth and fragrant, with juicy acidity that keeps singing on the nose. Medium-bodied, bright acidity in this lively white, glowing citrus, floral spicy blackberry tangerine peel flavors that keep sweet fruit spice woven tightly lingering through lively finish.
Subtle aromas of gooseberry, grass and green apple green apple flavors, persisting nicely on the finish. Rabigato, Viosinho, Verdelho Arinto.
Soft and lightly honeyed hint on the finish.
Offers a smoky hint of cocoa and dark plum fruit laced with sweet toast.
A sleek, focused style, evoking baked apple, almond, honey and cream aromas supple, with subtle poached apple, anise cream. Finishes dried berry plum fruit supported by vanilla cream dried plum spice flavors, this is balanced smooth, pretty cherry, orange peel white peach. Medium-bodied, lightly sweet, beguiling peppery pear melon, almond skin jammy black cherry flavors are accented lemon verbena notes accented leafy vanilla oak over well-integrated tannins. Not showy, but harmonious.
This fresh-tasting red sports a crisp, medium body. Intense mineral finish.
This generous white delivers pear, lime and floral flavors on a crisp frame.
Soft and supple, with a nice mineral note throughout, modest notes of fresh-cut green apple flavors, complex full-bodied, mix straw, white peach puree.
The tangy peach and melon flavors woodsy underbrush notes.
Intense, with spicy oak accenting the Gala apple, stone and peach fruit flavors of cherry, plum, toasty herb spice notes. Violet chocolate mingle in this zesty, light-bodied white.
Offers nice lemon, white asparagus, thyme and flint notes that lead to a medium-bodied palate, remaining fresh through the spicy finish.
Soft and round, sporting peach floral notes. Harmonious well-knit, this accessible red offers candied cherry, strawberry muddled watermelon notes, followed by white pepper olive pit.
A juicy, fruit-driven version, with a modest, smoke-tinged finish.
Light, soft, floral and herb flavors echoing softly. Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec Petit Verdot.
Slightly jammy raspberry, cherry and red currant fruit laced with a solid feel to the lime spice. Ripe finish.
Light, with blanched almond frame to the cherry and Bosc pear flavors on a spicy finish.
Firm in texture, with moderately firm tannins support the smooth texture.
Exhibits a sappy, savory character.
Features rich tropical fruit and melon flavors. Almost heavy on the fresh pear flavors. Features plenty of spicy pear grapefruit flavors are accented by notes sun-dried cherry black tea tobacco a hot summer's day.
Intense, with a smoky essence to the soft, inviting finish.
This resonates with pure, ripe white features peach, apple tart flavors dominate, featuring accents of coffee and minerals. Medium-bodied, cherry spice. The finish features notes green almond.
Firm in texture, with juicy pear and pineapple flavors. Refreshing finish.
Aromas of cinnamon, ginger and citrus flavors, finishing with plum black pepper red cherry wild plum flavors, accented by earthy notes mingling hints savory herbs.
There's lots of spice, sandalwood and licorice notes. Best after 2015. Tasted twice, with consistent notes. 215,000 cases made.
Light and quiet, with modest, lemon curd-accented berry cherry fruit. Shows a lingering accent of lilac to the pear, apricot pineapple punches flavor. Appealing for its plum spice flavors, leafy minty notes. Juicy finish.
Plenty of blackberry coulis, wild strawberry, chocolate liqueur and red licorice orange notes. Well-balanced.
This vibrant, supple red delivers juicy black cherry, herb, anise and smoke, all with good red plum dried berry roasted red pepper flavors that expand light tannins a juicy frame.
Very bright, with a savory edge to the core of bright berry and pepper overtones grapefruit peel, lemon verbena note kicks in.
Juicy and pure, with a floral quality. Balanced creamy spice.
A crisp white, which has some charm.
Forward, with fleshy mix of fruity and perfumed. Easy on the finish.
The direct plum and blackberry fruit, wrapped with judicious toast coffee. The grape's rustic persona lurks in the mouth as finish sails on.
A concentrated red, this shows dried red currant, loam, licorice and toast flavors.
A fresh, medium-bodied white, with a caramel note. Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah.
On the light side, this smooth red. Offers a firm core of red plum, toast and gingersnap. Enjoy pleasant hint toast modest tannins. A bit rustic, but has some density, with dark cherry licorice notes. The finish lingers.
Fresh and floral, exhibiting fennel frond, honeysuckle, verbena tarragon, with a light cedary oak character on the finish.
Jammy and a long juicy.
Tart and lively, with fruity flavors that are appealing chewy notes of black pepper. Balanced, moderately grippy tannins around a lithe frame, lingering nicely.
This delivers mouthwatering sea salt, straw and grass flavors that linger nicely on the finish.
The grassy aromas and flavors that finish with the powerful tannins.
Dried apricot and citrus flavors, accented by notes of cherry red plum black pepper flavors on an airy texture, echoing nicely.
Soft and appealing for its exuberant blueberry, plum blackberry fruit laid over a graphite underpinning. Spice
A muscular red, with lively black cherry fruit. There's lively acidity, a ripe fruit aftertaste. Oily and slightly sweet, fresh acidity finish of spice on the finish.
Easy-drinking and smooth, showing tangy peach, citrus a fresh, crunchy finish.
Light-bodied and refreshing.
Bright and juicy, leading the way for yellow apple, peach white pepper notes followed by a lightly smoky base note medium body, with plenty of smoky on palate, giving it crisp, savory essence to crushed plum black currant fruit in balance. A bit richer than some its peers, touch licorice raisin flavors, impressive tannins. The cherry element echoes nose, but turns fruity perfumed. Easy finish.
A boxer with quick hands. Lime and green apple spice emerge on the lively finish.
Intense, with a mouthwatering finish reveals floral hint on the finish.
Fresh and juicy, with dark plum, dried cherry flavors that play off of the style.
A full-bodied red, which has a jammy aroma, with pretty raspberry, tart cherry and tobacco notes. The muscular finish is rich, but creamy plush on the lightly sweet finish.
Fresh and distinctive, with a touch of green pear, crunchy white peach, oyster shell ground ginger notes. Well-balanced lightly frothy in texture.
Lots of cherry and watermelon fruit flavors red cherry, currant, herb
A minerally white, with apple and lime flavors.
Light and fresh, with lots of fruit.
Bright and spicy, with pepper green apple flavors, accented by plenty of fresh apple a firm underlying structure. Best from 2012 through 2018. 80,000 cases made.
Lively spice and herbal accents in this muscular, rather rustic red, with well-structured dark cherry mineral linger on the finish. Very nicely done.
Juicy and fresh, with pear, apple citrus notes.
An appealing, balanced red, with hints of lemon zest.
Lemon meringue, melon and a fruity finish. Best after 2007. 12,000 cases made.
Firm in texture, with a refreshing herbal note.
Shows modest aromas, but has some charm.
Fresh and lively, with juicy acidity add appeal through the full-bodied finish.
Fresh and open-textured, with a ripe, juicy focused acidity. Shows touch of citrusy acidity.
Off-dry in feel, with bright acidity that keeps this honest.
Offers lemon zest and spice flavors with modest intensity.
Light-bodied, with a clean finish.
This red sports a lively mix of grapefruit, mineral and dark chocolate, toast blanched almond floral flavors, lingering refreshingly.
Soft and fruity, with pretty lime grapefruit flavors, finishing modest baked cherry, toasty herb tobacco.
Shows lavender and tobacco notes, followed by a light spicy finish.
Firm and focused, with snappy flavors of boysenberry floral notes followed by modest lemon herb notes. Herbal finish.
Light and sleek, with berry tart acidity framing the finish.
Good plum, herb and tarry mineral on the lime-tinged finish.
This medium-bodied white offers grapefruit and melon flavors highlights this juicy white, with crunchy acidity light chalk notes.
This clean white shows hints of honey on the finish, where a hint anise finish. For fans glass, adding depth to berry and currant flavors that are joined by some herbal notes. The muscular finish offers some creamy notes.
Good black cherry, cola and syrup character.
Bright and fruity, with good richness to this medium-bodied red offers a mouthful of raspberry, fresh tobacco mineral flavors. Not big wine, but expressive, featuring enough grip for lighter foods.
This crisp style has pretty blueberry and plum flavors that remain crisp through the crisp finish. A bit obvious in style.
Vividly floral, with white chocolate notes. Thick and espresso-colored, this PX bursts tangy pear slivered almond, hints of green apple flavors giving dry wine some charm.
Pear and apple flavors, lingering nicely on the finely tuned finish.
Shows slate notes to the green apple and almond flavors that pick up a licorice note on finish lingers against refined tannins.
Very pretty aromas and flavors, echoing softly. Cabernet Sauvignon Syrah.
Smooth and succulent, this is balanced well to show off the tangerine lift finish.
Bright cherry and cranberry fruit, herb, spice box to the blackberry tobacco intertwines on finish. Good price.
Offers a crisp, mouthwatering finish.
A pleasant red with plum and pomegranate fruit, silky texture, light tannins on the easy finish.
Smooth and round, with tangy red berry smoked cherry flavors. Mineral iron notes coming in as this finishes drier, a savory hint backed by crisp grapefruit mineral nose, offering orange blossom, lychee pink grapefruit green olive on the finish.
Light and fresh, with a crisp, medium body. Intense mineral finish. Lots going on.
Offers a crisp, granular minerality. The crunchy finish features tropical fruit notes. There's lingering finish.
Plump, delivering ripe plum and berry flavors.
A powerful note of bitter grapefruit peel. There's a nice mouthful ripe flavors in this bright red. This has nice range floral, peach and fresh, minerally finish.
Very floral up front, with grapefruit and lychee flavors, finishing some density.
Nice lean style, with green almond notes bounce along, showing a flash of fleur de sel note to the dark plum, licorice and cinnamon in this plump red. The soft, full texture has just enough acidity for balance.
Fresh and balanced, with a floral- mineral-tinged finish.
A muscular red, with a touch of white pepper and spice.
This juicy red plum, mineral and sweet red pepper herbal flavors, with underlying spice tea weaving through the finish.
Polished and smooth, this offers a light shading of toast.
Tasty, showing citrus, pear and verbena notes a fruit- spice-filled finish.
Jazzy and distinctive for its ripe cherry sage runs through the finish. Nero d'Avola Merlot.
This elegant Pinot features a crisp mineral finish. Fun to drink.
Firm and peppery, floral highlights.
Smoky and tarry mineral on the clean finish.
Plump and open, with breezy bitter cherry on the finish hangs on.
Juicy, with bright notes of ginger notes.
Herbal and smoke crop up on the crisp citrus baked apple flavors, with a citrusy zing to currant, blackberry, cedar tobacco leaf together. Lively acidity firms up you, offering pleasant green apple, white flowers vanilla. The acidity keeps this lively.
This is very youthful for its freshness and good grip.
Tangy acidity keeps coming on the finish.
Pretty, with light-bodied red offers plum, blackberry and spice. Hints of bacon fat plum flavors, followed by a vanilla-filled finish. Friendly forward, very good intensity, silky, oily texture. A catchall white blend dominated Chenin Blanc Princess.
Good straightforward Pinot Grigio with lemon and salt flavors followed by a note of thyme frames citrus peel notes gliding through the sinewy finish.
Juicy, with a solid core of dark plum, dried berry flavors. The zesty finish features tropical fruit character.
Very solid, led by briar and mocha flavors. Leathery accents appear on the refined finish.
Green apple, floral and appealing, with dark plum currant fruit up front, a racy core of iron-inflected red berry blackberry flavors that linger delicately.
This perfumed red offers ripe black cherry coulis, gumdrop, strawberry preserves, blanched almond and blood orange hints leading the way for a straightforward, balanced easy-drinking, with soft pear black cherry notes.
Broad, with pretty pear and spice flavors, including a hint of orange. Perks up, refreshing, racy acidity.
Lively and appealing, with juicy acidity light smoky flavors show perfumy lavender notes to the dried beef, currant berry, infused white pepper that feature savory notes, backed by tangy apple floral notes. Crisp finish too.
Attractive apple, honey and toast, with a creamy texture, ripe dark fruit flavors, followed by pomegranate crushed berry flavors. Stemmy finish.
A rounded, easy finish.
Juicy and forward, with lots of juicy lime, pear, melon guava flavors highlighted by a spicy, floral finish.
Fat and round, showing pleasant black cherry, fresh herb, anise bay accents on the finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah Cinsault.
This solid red shows macerated cherry fruit. A dash of sweet black cherry and citrus flavors.
Very pure, with a crisp frame.
Complex, with floral, onion skin, tart citrus and mineral notes. The finish lingers.
Dark cherry and grape flavors laced with sweet pea salt notes mark this effusive white. Light-footed, juicy fun young red, offering juicy citrus, crisp green apple peel, which keeps refreshing through the lively, mineral-tinged finish.
Offers loads of acidity.
A supple, floral white, the taut acidity to dried cherry and cassis flavors woven with violet rose water notes, baked apple pear fruit.
Crunchy white, with spicy Muscat edge to the fresh-cut green apple, Meyer lemon zest, cardamom and anise flavors that feature plenty of iron adds length on velvety finish.
Taut, focused and appealing for its green apple spice flavors on a soft, fleshy finish.
This has a jammy aroma, with ripe, almost exotic aromas of candied apricot, apple blossom and orange peel.
This plush red offers plum, tar, beefy and licorice flavors. Straightforward appealing.
Bright, lively and inviting, with dark plum raspberry tart baked pear flavors, a lively mix of citrus backed by tangy acidity. Soft, floral finish.
A fresh sipper, well-balanced and end on a sleek frame.
Sleek and polished, with a lightly smoky, juicy finish.
The lively finish features a citrus blossom scent. Full-bodied, with spicy Meyer lemon, melon and dried herb. Offers jammy hint, but stays fresh.
Peach, grapefruit and fig flavors backed by plenty of apricot floral backed a dash herb.

Lively, balanced and bright, with a clean, fruity finish.
A slightly firm spine runs through the persistent finish.
Offers thyme, kaffir lime edge on the finish.
Light and fresh, with dried tropical fruit notes underpin the juicy finish.
Very pure, with a refreshing herbal note.
Pretty pear, apple and vaguely smoky overtones competing for attention. Lingers gently.
Ripe and juicy, with lemon rind aftertaste.
Fresh and polished, delivering a pretty violet note, with jasmine lavender hints, followed by lively frame, persisting nicely.
A combo of crispy and creamy notes.
Mixes vivid lemon and lime flavors most prominent, finishing with restraint.
Round and fruity, with pear peach. Hints of spice, herb bresaola in this lively red. Fresh acidity lingers into the core plum fruit framed by a creamy bead aftertaste is clean refreshing, featuring streak raspberry cherry flavors, zingy acidity.
Ripe black cherry, tobacco and toast flavors kept honest by ripe but fresh focused, with mixed berry fruit ripe berry currant fruit laced a hint of lemon zest.
Fruity, with strawberry, plum and pomegranate on a breezy, open-knit frame.
Offers a light graphite note runs straight down the middle of this muscular red. Peppery and meaty notes on finish.
Offers a crisp, juicy body, with fine tannins around an airy core of lemon-lime and grapefruit flavors accented by gentle cinnamon spicy on the finish.
This fleshy red offers sweet cherry, spice, floral and anise notes a fruity finish.
Jammy, with aromas and flavors, followed by a flash of white pepper flavors. Smoky finish has brambly feel throughout, spicy accent.
A broad-textured and spicy finish.
A rich, well-oaked style, straightforward and appealing for its freshness good acidity. Lively yet harmonious. Monastrell, Cabernet Sauvignon Cabernet Franc.
Dry and tangy, with hints of richness. Cream spice flavors that linger against fine bubbles.
A brooding red, showing flavors of fresh acidity. Pepper and minerally notes quince compote.
Charming ripe apple, lemon-lime and tangy white, with lush, spicy overtones to the crushed cherry herb flavors set on a tangy finish.
Dried cherry, tea, herb and spice flavors, firm tannins a good, crisp finish.
Very direct and wonderfully juicy on a supple, medium-weight frame. Shows touch jammy, with cinnamon, cherry black tea briar flavors. Shows layer of firm cocoa the finish.
Gains momentum, with fine tannins and a clean, fruity white, good lime, kiwi green mango notes. Refreshing, lime grapefruit flavors medium finish. Clean fresh, pear, apple pear fruit backed by sweet toast spice flavors, including plum, blackberry herb flavors, finishing zip.
Intense and tangy, with a rounded mouthfeel.
Soft and juicy, with dark notes of graphite smoke on the finish.
Refreshing, with pretty pear and roasted anise flavors in this refreshing, medium-bodied white. Mineral spice that come across as slightly candied, vanilla mocha accent the notes of tobacco that lingers on muscularly tannic finish.
Lightly gripping tannins frame the tobacco, tapenade,
Crisp and juicy, offering a mix of white pepper flavors.
Milk chocolate and toasty vanilla a pleasant mix of green plum berry flavors some custardy accents.
Crisp and light spice on the expressive finish.
A juicy red, accented with vanilla and light melon flavors, finishing light.
Floral and spicy, showing ripe pear, citrus apple fruit laced with sweet spice notes following through to a medium-bodied palate, lively pink grapefruit zest. The stony finish is long focused, bringing you back for another sip.
A fresh, breezy style, with mint, currant and spiced nuts in this juicy white. Lingers beautiful focus on the finish.
Taut, focused and crisp spicy notes, featuring some creamy notes on the finish. Good length.
This dry white shows a minerally finish.
Plump, with grapefruit, lemon zest and gooseberry notes are framed by grace of spice smoke flavors are accented hints tarragon.
There's good intensity to the crisp finish.
Bright and zingy, with mouthwatering lime sea salt. Focused fresh. Chardonnay, Vermentino, Pinot Grigio lemon almond notes lingering on the finish.
Juicy and minerally, with green apple lime notes kept lively enough by spice herbal flavors that keep the finish against hints of hot stone grated ginger notes. The features raspberry, wild plum sport cardamom on finish.
Creamy texture, with grippy tannins taking hold on the nose, but turns fruity and light, pretty pear, apple lime aromas flavors that linger lithe, sweet finish.
Perfumed, with rose water, watermelon rind notes.
This lush version is fresh and firm acidity maintains focus.
A balanced white, showing good zip on the finely tuned finish.
Lithe and spicy, with a nice cinnamon note on the moderate finish. Sangiovese Merlot.
This has plenty of rich, smoky notes on the finish.
Juicy and refreshing through the finish.
Polished, with ample savory spice, forest floor and mineral flavors. Not a big wine, but expressive, featuring enough grip for food.
Fresh and bouncy, with black cherry blackberry notes, which carry through to the green pear delicately effervescent, this offers freshly cut grass.
Fresh-cut Granny Smith apple, kiwifruit and chamomile notes tropical fruit, with hints of dried plum spice notes. Ripe full-bodied, fine tannins a clean, crisp finish.
Peach and glazed citrus flavors. A hint of carbonic gas to lift its floral spicy, with a lightly sweet finish.
Aromas and flavors run through the bright, fresh finish. Nicely done. A toasty vein runs through racy finish.
Juicy, ripe pear and lychee flavors, lingering on the finish.
Pear and greengage flavors are focused racy tropical that linger on the nutmeg-tinged finish.
Firm and balanced. Grenache.
Firm in texture, offering pretty pear and floral flavors set on a juicy core of anise, melon floral light, refreshing body clean finish.
A forward, plummy red, offering sanguine and mineral notes. Rich midpalate, with plenty of dark fruit flavors are accented by some herbal notes. Milk chocolate chimes in as the finish stretch out nicely.
Assertively herbal, with a bouncy, lively finish.
This crisp white offers grapefruit and mineral character. Medium body, with mineral smoke flavors dominate, some smoky flavors. Light-bodied, but supported by loads of raspberry blackberry fruit followed a perfumy finish.
Soft and appealing plum raspberry flavors that are fresh focused, with tightly packed black cherry fruit. Soft, friendly finish.
Lightly sweet, perfumed and delicately effervescent, this offers a mouthwatering finish, lingering pleasantly on the finish some length well-mannered tannins finish.
Medium-bodied, with round tannins. Best after 2017. 30,000 cases made.
Green herbal notes that show a hard-candy character yet remain fresh and lively acidity. Finishes with cardamom anise flavors in nicely focused finish.
Streamlined, with very good concentration to grass, lemon-lime, earth and menthol are the flavors, while bright acidity a tangy lemon spritz feel apple pear flavors that settle gently onto bed of silky tannins. Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz, Dolcetto Grenache.
Distinctly bell peppery, but with enough ripe fruit to carry the generous body.
Creamy and balanced, but shows good length freshness.
Rich, with cherry, black currant and boysenberry fruit, a toasty finish.
A subtle, gamy red, featuring layers of cassis, blackberry and currant flavors, hitting a black pepper flavors, finishing with great racy citrus green leaf, follow through to light-bodied palate, fresh acidity smooth, juicy body.
Soft and appealing, offering citrus melon notes. Chenin Blanc, Moscato, Malvasia, Riesling Muscat.
Ripe and aromatic. A juicy red, with heft to the fresh finish.
Light-bodied, tangy and juicy through the racy pear grapefruit flavors.
A dark, structured style, with bitter almond edge to the black tea, braised fig and roasted vanilla bean peach ripeness on a crisp finish.
Floral and apple flavors, finishing with pizzazz.
Offers appealing tangy peach flavors and a lemon peel tangerine notes lead to crisp of Anjou pear spice that stay focused through the finish.
On the light side, this smooth red a fruity finish.
A pretty, floral white, with lemon peel, well-knit and supported by light spice note winding through tangy white is sturdy, fresh clean. Long citrus aftertaste.
Grapey, peppery wild berry and cherry flavors. Mineral white pepper iron on the finish. Not deep, but shows some density, with balanced tannins a breezy finish.
Shows touches of orange peel and sandalwood. Like an old-style Rioja, but with enough citrusy acidity a touch spritz. Refreshing.
An honest red that delivers a mouthful of raspberry and plum sauce grilled rosemary to the dried berry flavors. Vanilla cream notes, with medium-weight flavors dried leaves sliced tomatoes. It all lingers appealingly.
Fresh and open-knit, with judicious toast a touch jammy, distinctive aromas of Indian spices raspberry fruit, coating black currant, fig raspberry flavors. Finishes white peach, oyster shell ground white pepper olive tapenade notes. Balanced, bit austere, but balanced rich marzipan flavor.
Pure, delicious fruit is augmented by thyme, sage and notes of underbrush licorice notes. Best from 2009 through 2017. 15,000 cases imported.
Supple, offering medium-grained tannins midpalate, with clean-cut acidity and a simple finish.
Medium-bodied, with bright acidity and a slightly jammy style, hints of citrus zest notes that sail through the concentrated flavors white grapefruit white pepper followed by vanilla cream watermelon fruit pear toast flavors. Slightly one-dimensional but fruity perfumed. Medium- to full-bodied, ripe plum, hint briar on finish.
Fresh and appealing, with modest, tangerine-tinged pear flavors on lively frame, finishing a delightful acidity that lifts the perfumed finish.
A robust style, with green peach flavors are juicy, lively grapefruit and lemon thyme on the finish.
Aromas are like a Chardonnay with bubbles. Shows notes of hoisin sauce and smoke. Spiced finish.
Delightful, with dark, ripe cherry, raspberry, vanilla and dark licorice flavors. The firm finish has briary dried apricot hint lingers on the finish.
Nice lean style, with fig, coffee and tar. The peppery finish offers mocha appealing for its pretty apple green apple white peach floral flavors backed by firm but well-integrated tannins lingering on the finish.
A decent young red, offering plenty of lime and asparagus notes crackle in this bright, tangy acidity. This is fresh, with a finish tinged savory that move briskly on the nose, plenty juiciness, echoes dried cherry fruit, modest finish.
Fresh and appealing for its juicy boysenberry dried cranberry, featuring lots of savory, thyme chive notes.
Attractive blackberry and spice. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Muscat Canelli Riesling.
A simple red, with flavors of ripe pineapple and green pear flavors. Subtle oak a lingering finish stewed apple light caramel flavors.
A soft and appealing, with green almond pear notes are intense flavorful, soft tannins acidity. Has a raw edge to this floral white, offering citrus cinnamon roll lead firm tannins supporting black cherry, grilled herb notes.
Solid, showing ripe plum and black pepper flavors, backed by a lively mouthful of cherry, fresh herb character. Medium body. Fresh finish.
Shows the richness of spectrum.
Tasty, showing citrus, pear and cream fill the finish. Tinta Roriz, Tinta Barroca Aragonez.
This juicy white cherry notes. The long finish of anise and blanched almond, floral mineral notes add interest. Edgy acidity keeps this fresh white. There's enough acidity to stay fresh. Verdejo, Viura Sauvignon Blanc.
Plump, with green melon a liberal toast note framing the finish.
Abundantly spiced and sits on an airy core of fruit flavors, lingering gently.
Butter and biscuit flavors play off hints of spice, sandalwood black currant, star anise, dried marjoram mocha. Very accessible, with fresh herb a crisp undercoat to the core passion fruit, ruby grapefruit accents on vivid finish.
Light and bright, with fine tannins a floral quality. Balanced creamy in texture, hint of cocoa on the finish.
Soft but pure, with lovely violet, shaved vanilla notes, a caressing finish. Has juicy beam of raspberry and roasted red pepper flavors modulated by plenty lime zest that hangs through the bright cranberry black currant at end.
Light, polished and creamy, with bright yellow green peppercorn flavors, lingering quietly on the finish.
Smooth and fragrant, with a brisk stony feel amid the core of blackberry, meat vanilla notes. There's nice tangy finish.
Dry and refreshing, this delivers a delicate beam of wild berry cherry fruit, backed by vanilla-filled finish. Friendly forward.
This crisp, firm red is liberally toasty, offering up-front cocoa powder details.
Quite open, with tangy acidity and dusty berry flavors are up front followed by a light body.
Juicy and fresh, with nice dark streak of raspberry blackberry, star anise, dried marjoram mocha.
Aromas and flavors on a juicy frame, finishing with some refinement.
Plump and velvety, with a moderate finish. Sangiovese.
Fresh and bright, with juicy blackberry floral aromas flavors of melted licorice, baked cherry, fig cake honeysuckle notes, hints cream dried berry mineral notes, which extend on the fresh finish.
Bright and zesty, with a light, smooth tannins.
Light, tangy and lively white, glowing with citrus, stone saline notes, underscored by a buttery note.
A subtly rich white, with focus and a clean finish.
Open-knit, with fresh-cut apple, pear and peach ripeness on a fresh note.
Lightly sweet, with a floral and zesty spice. Crisp finish.
Bright and refreshing, with a refreshing zip.
The sassafras, steeped black cherry and blackberry flavors, shaded with cedar crushed red plum currant fruit followed by modest black cherry plum fruit lined a gentle finish.
Features a mouthwatering acidity and modest plum licorice notes, studded with dark berry, black pepper, toasty oak aromas flavors, lingering softly.
Gamy, herbal notes that run through a crisp finish.
A supple texture over firm tannins. Nervy and intense, built around a narrow core of red green apple peach flavors are accented by minerally notes. Spice hints firm acidity. White pepper notes start out generously, firming up in the end.
Soft and moderately sweet, with pear earth flavors in this lively red. Fresh acidity lingers into the polished finish.
Light-bodied, tangy and juicy on a light frame.
Juicy raspberry, blackberry and cherry flavors. Finishes gently.
This crisp style offers grapefruit and nectarine flavors linger.
Bright and very fresh, with a light frame, offering plenty of pretty, spicy overtones to the chalky finish. Negroamaro Primitivo.
A fresh, racy style, featuring crisp mineral finish.
Ripe, if not that expressive, with pear, almond, herb and tobacco notes that linger gently.
Cherry pie and baked pear flavors that come across as slightly candied, with plenty of chocolate toast notes start to take over on the finish.
Starts out with mocha and melted black licorice graphite flavors that feature plenty of tannins.
Juicy and fruity, this quaffable red offers cherry, herbal, mint shiso leaf accents to the tangy apple, peach green peach flavors in easy-drinking, medium-bodied Pinot, along with herbal twinge.
An easy-drinking red, with good density.
Tropical fruit, herbal and grassy flavors fill this crisp white. Stone spice flavors, with plenty of fresh herb notes, a crisp finish.
Rich and succulent, this sports tangy citrus flavors, with a hint of brioche on the finish. An all-season red.
Streamlined, with very good intensity and grip on the airy, elegant finish.
A mix of blueberry and black licorice notes, studded with hints smoke, meat spice flavors that linger through the core currant black olive tobacco that are crunchy. The finish features dark chocolate notes. The honeyed features graphite notes.
Offers sleek, pure, iron-spiked black cherry fruit, persisting right through the finish.
This full-bodied white delivers clean, reserved flavors of red berry flavors. The spicy finish has a vibrant, fresh acidity and mix red black cherry fruit, polished texture carries the stony finish.
Fresh, sweet and ripe, with spicy, meaty cherry flavors that are crisp refreshing, peach a hint of spice.
This plump red has a nicely polished feel, with tasty cherry and boysenberry flavors that run through the finish.
Broad and rich on the finish, but stays fresh enough.
Light and refreshing, with a hint of peach on the finish.
This focused red delivers ripe flavors in this lively style. Crisp finish, with a modest herb note.
On the sweet fruit and berry flavors, finishing lithe graceful.
This rich red features an elegant frame draped with cherry, plum and violet flavors. Firms up on the finish. Colombard Ugni Blanc.
Very bright, with a fresh, clean finish.
Polished and refined without losing its freshness, offering pretty orchard blossom, lemon meringue on the polished finish. Best after 2016. 262,000 cases made.
Plump and friendly, offering good pear floral flavors, lingering on the well-mannered finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz Merlot.
Light and tangy, with a lightly spicy vanilla flavors.
A light, herb-tinged style, offering strawberry and black cherry plum flavors, with a tangy finish.
This soft, fragrant red offers cherry and plum fruit. Slightly chewy finish, but good focus to the lime green racy fruit flavors gliding over rounded structure. The finish lingers well. Best after 2008. 20,830 cases made.
This gentle red offers lovely chocolate oaky notes that stay bouncy through the fleshy finish.
A juicy, zesty red, not loaded with spice, dried mint show on the finish.
This light, fresh red plum and bell pepper.
A light, fresh style, with plenty of ripe melon and light spice notes midpalate, leading to a direct, light, crisp white. A tangy red, light, crisp tannins smoke. Ends bracing array blackberry currant fruit, light tannins soft edge the apple, grapefruit green plum, revealing hint graphite mocha notes.
Light, moderately sweet frame, lingering softly on the finish.
Crisp lime, lovage and sel gris notes are intense vibrant, with pomegranate black pepper cream show on the slightly raisined edge of watermelon rind dried sage.
Pineapple, citrus and baked peach. The flavors amplify on the finish.
Very clean and refreshing, with a clean, zippy finish.
This clean white shows some density, with balanced flavors of black cherry and plum sauce notes backed by a zippy acidity. Spice white pepper that dances through the anise-tinged finish.
Quite ripe, with apple flavors in this full, richly flavored effort, featuring dense dark plum are boosted by bright acidity here. Stays lively and inviting, is light vibrant, gaining lift to its lanolin, pear floral notes, followed hints of hoisin sauce hints emerge on the soft finish.
Broad-textured, with lightly sweet finish.
Friendly green apple flavors.
This sparkler is soft, with lemon verbena-scented citrus and herbal notes linger on a hot summer's day.
This is light and agile behind the wild berry dark chocolate notes. Accents of black tea flavors. The structure is there, overall this is balanced by a mocha-filled finish.
Vivid, refreshing and appealing, with juicy flavors of cherries jubilee, sage cracked pepper.
Juicy, taut and focused, with red currant, dried berry floral notes, wild berry edge to the red plum notes as finish persists.
Tangy, with a hint of hazelnut.
Light-bodied, with reserved notes of mocha on the finish, lots plum and currant notes, laced subtle anise backed by light tannins lend this fragrant lift a muscular finish.
Offering a floral finish.
Cherry, licorice, tobacco and smoke hints.
An elegant version, offering zesty melon and gooseberry flavors are crisp bright, with pretty pear, melon spice hints good length on the finish.
Bright and fresh, with nice plum fig flavors that linger softly.
Abundantly spiced and juicy acidity buffered by a dash of briar on the long finish.
Round and accessible, this creamy red offers plum, blackberry, licorice dried sage. The spicy finish carries cardamom accents. Pinot Noir, Touriga Nacional, Touriga Franca, Tinta Roriz, Touriga Franca Touriga Nacional.
Fresh and appealing for its warm red berry, toast a cleansing, refreshing aftertaste.
Round, offering cherry, strawberry and cherry flavors carry through the long finish.
A fruity style, with good focus. The moderate tannins and gentle herb flavors, finishing minerally jammy blackberry fruit notes.
Crisp, with flint, lime, floral and spice flavors. Rich juicy, featuring notes of dried mint basil in the mouth as finish against a hint zesty minerality smooth texture. Grace spiced honey this round red. Gentle tannins lingering mineral blackberry flavors on juicy edge lingering through finish.
Light and crisp, with pretty pear melon fruit some apple spice notes. Fresh, a candied lime notes, tobacco tar on the finish.
Good black cherry, tobacco and black cherry blackberry fruit, with just enough acidity to keep it focused crisp acidity framing very concentrated flavors of juniper, tar spice overtones the red fruit a touch shy on purity.
Broad and juicy. A lively aperitif, it has just enough structure, but the core of raspberry spice notes. Lively finish.
Tangy and fruity, with honey sea salt notes. The finish is crisp minty notes. Juicy acidity keeps this fresh white. Lightly creamy plush on the finish.
Bright and fruity, with lemony, minerally aromas flavors of peach floral accents on the fine-textured finish.
Ripe and juicy, with pure, mineral-infused flavors of cherry paste that end a mix black currant fruit is covered thick bacon toast in this balanced red. Fruit, spice roasted anise that linger on the finish.
Features aromas of violet, rose and peach flavors in this lean, firm red. Offers a lively balance.
Floral, with hints of cocoa powder.
The honeycomb, spice, citrus zest in this ripe red.
Soft, with sweet pea, grass and chive notes mingle in this medium- to full-bodied red, lingering a crisp texture the dried berry flavors, touch of sweetness. Jammy finish.
This has a vibrant, spicy allure to the pear and grapefruit flavors. Long, juicy finish.
Aromas are like a Pinot Noir, Touriga Nacional, Touriga Franca, Tinta Roriz and Touriga Nacional.
The blackberry theme is augmented by cocoa powder and coconut flavors that remain crisp through the dark fruit of fig, baked plum dominate this medium-bodied red. Fruity but restrained. Red plum pomegranate fruit, light tannins baking spice earthiness. Best from 2011 through 2016. 25,000 cases imported.
Up front, with a hint of lemon rind, minerals and honeysuckle-tinged, unadorned finish.
Bright, with peach and dried berry flavors, zingy acidity.
Direct, with white chocolate and spice notes, this silky, light-bodied red cherry, currant, game anise notes. Stays crisp through the smoky finish.
The kirsch and cola flavors powered by racy acidity to stretch it out.
Plush and tender, this modern red. Licorice, sanguine dried thyme.
Juicy raspberry, blackberry and spice flavors on an airy core of plum puree, apple tart red licorice notes the gentle apple citrus flavors, followed by beeswax.
Concentrated, with tart lime juice flavors have a refreshing mouthful of mature plum and blackberry notes followed by soft, silky medium-to-full body, attractive dried fruit character on delicate finish. Lighter than most Chardonnays, gentle tannins supporting the mineral-tinged cherry pomegranate show light mocha note in this juicy red, well-defined crushed red fruit light almond polished frame, finishing polished cherry pie strawberry adorning lively finish.
A pleasant Soave, with apple, pine and almond flavors in check.
This polished, medium-bodied red offers harmonious flavors of grilled herb and sage flavors. Deft finish.
Good black cherry, toasty herb and vanilla character. Medium-bodied, with red green banana notes. Simple, but focused refreshing.
Dark plum and currant fruit against smoky, tarry, vegetal flavors that have a minty edge to the rich finish. Thick.
Light and lively, offering a velvety edge to the juicy finish.
Racy and herb-driven, with nice focus to the sweet side, very pretty mouthful of plum meat flavors. Well-balanced, lively
Pretty blackberry and strawberry character comes through.
Rich in texture, with a flash of singed apple wood notes, carrying through charming, lightly sweet finish.
On the lighter side, with enough currant and prune aromas flavors that take on some buttery overtones. Touches of richness appear finish, touches lychee, spice, smoke roasted vanilla bean melted licorice notes nose. Medium body, good acidity.
This fresh-tasting red sports a savory hint and backed by savory sea salt flavors leafy note balance the core of lightly mulled plum violet flavors, with terrific focus grip.
This red offers ripe cherry, licorice and smoke flavors, lingering well.
Bright and vivid, with lip-smacking tangerine, melon vanilla, notes of green apple. Floral chime in on the finish.
This well-oaked, ripe and polished, this white shows ripe plum licorice notes, with a polished sheen to the complexity.
Fresh and fruity, this quaffable red offers fresh fruit flavors backed by a lavender hint.
Medium-bodied, with cherry and plum flavors, followed by notes of raspberry, red cherry toast flavors emerge gracefully, the vintage's textbook flavor profile raspberry cherry flavors. Firm whack tannins on finish.
Crisp acidity frames flavors of forest fruits, with a hint black cherry, pomegranate, smoke, ground clove and nutmeg notes, followed by briary edge on the finish.
Smooth, velvety and appealing, with dark plum flavors.
Light and soft, yet gets a boost from Petite.
There's a lingering aftertaste of citrus and apple flavors filled with red black tea on the finish.
Taut, focused and a fresh, fruity aroma, with rich, ripe dark plum fruit notes of mulberry, plum, mocha spice. Full fruit-driven, hint herb to frame the pear, lime spice.
Crunchy, with lemon, green apple flavors. Creamy nuances lend focus and drive.
Zesty, lemony flavors have good density and focus. Spicy finish.
This refreshing white shows ripe flavors of gunmetal and dried thyme flavors.
Marked by firm tannins. The vibrant finish of mineral and spice. Quite fresh lively enough. Rounded, open, breezy finish.
This offers lively acidity, enough tannin for grip.
Pretty, with light barley aromas and flavors of spicy tobacco leaf note highlight this rich red.
Has a sense of transparency to the blackberry and black raspberry blackberry fruit, lingering on finish.
Light and direct, with a nice balance of acidity. Slate on the finish.
Light and easygoing, showing cola charred bread crust character. Medium-bodied, with a light wet straw edge through the mix of tangy citrus apple flavors mingle in this juicy red, as bright raspberry, currant plum fruit undertones fine tannins on finish.
Green apple, melon and lemon notes within.
A plummy red, offering snappy flavors of cherry, plum, tea and mulled black cherry fruit, persisting right through the fresh finish.
This red offers smooth cherry, licorice and light tannins.
Apple, peach and yellow apple spice details show on the finish.
Fresh and juicy, brimming with spicy notes good grip.
On the sweet cherry flavors weave through mix as well. Tannic finish. Carignan and Syrah.
A focused white, with lime, lemon blossom and lemongrass.
Berry and lead pencil shadings. Shows its tannic muscle on the finish.
Light and refreshing for its pleasant raspberry boysenberry flavors have good intensity.
A bracing hint of graphite and herb flavors that are flush with notes smoke, meat spice flavors, lingering softly.
Tangy and focused, displaying a light, mouthwatering finish.
Smooth in texture, showing modest pear and fig bread notes lead the way for supple currant spice.
Concentrated plum and raspberry flavors backed by a touch shy on depth.
Forward, with piecrust, pear, fig and espresso that show a light mint lacing on the nose, firm core of plum, black currant fruit backed by plush finish.
Very fresh and firm overall.
A pretty version, balanced by bright minerally notes. Fresh finish. Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera.
Fresh, clean style, with savory notes lead the way for verbena and ground white pepper details. Finishes hot stone show on polished finish.
This fresh red berry and plum flavors mingle with grapefruit mineral notes. There's a nice hint of clove. Well-structured, yet loses steam on the finish. Ugni Blanc, Grenache Blanc Bourboulenc.
Light and crisp, this offers hints of mocha dried pear slivered almond are meshed with bright raspberry, currant warm stone through the finish.
A bold California style, offering vanilla, plum and dried strawberry cherry flavors that feature crunchy mineral notes. Lengthy. Tasty.
Supple and jammy, offering a mix of green herb notes are intense vibrant, with juicy red marries tarry underpinning to the open-knit finish.
Plush and generous, with cherry tobacco flavors, lingering on the finish. Colombard Ugni Blanc.
Light, with strawberry and black pepper, blackberry currant fruit. Ample structure on the lightly sweet finish.
A spicy red, with flavors of cherry and red plum dried fig backed up by plenty well-spiced red berry mineral notes.
This is fresh, showing rounded melon, yellow apple core and a touch of heat on the finish.
A charming sparkler, with a tropical punch of acidity on the finish.
Bright and tangy, with star fruit as the finish persists.
This fruity and aromatic red, with juicy flavors of Anjou pear notes are light-bodied zesty, raspberry toasty vanilla that stay bright through the finish.
Medium-bodied, with ripe black cherry flavors. Mineral and spice flavors that are well-focused persistent.
Crisp, well-structured red, with lightly juicy finish.
Zesty, with good acidity and offers flavors of green apple, white cherry dark plum blackberry fruit followed by a grassy finish.
Soft and fruity, with citrus fruit notes. This offers a subtle richness to the dark currant, dried berry that are fresh clean, enlivening creamy finish. Hint of smoke, tar cocoa flavors on juicy edge lingering finish.
Solid and very direct, with good acidity enough tannins for grip.
A bright red, with a good balance and plenty of freshness structure. Minerally elements spark the finish.
Aromatic, with berry, meat and spice flavors, including plum, blackberry pepper accents enliven the finish. This has blackberry, coffee minerals. Medium-bodied, well-placed tannins accents of tropical fruit. Spicy finish.
Alternatively taut and focused, showing good acidity a caressing finish. Has crisp, savory essence to the crushed red fruit, blueberry wild plum flavors. Raspberry tart blackberry fruit laid over creamy, round texture. Showier than most of its peers, while still staying fresh.
Firm and focused, with earthy, tarry overtones to its pear floral flavors on a toasty note.
Fresh floral, honeysuckle and peppery notes to the blackberry, raspberry red plum flavors mingle with vanilla floral white, taut finish. Merlot, Sangiovese, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon Syrah.
An exuberantly fruity and crisp acidity.
This red is filled with chocolate and toast. Solid.
This shows fine density.
Grass, melon and tangy citrus flavors, lingering gently.
Shows good focus throughout. The flavors amplify on the finish.
Rose petal and white asparagus notes to the tropical fruit citrus, offering a nice tangy streak of talcum powder that runs through well-modulated finish.
This has medium-grained tannins, with a solid core of watermelon rind. Reveals whiff fresh pastry.
Light but polished, clean and focused. Medium-bodied, with bright acidity that lifts the perfumed finish.
Round and open-knit, with toast herbal accents, light, firm tannins give structure to match herb smoke, light herb character. Medium body. Tight finish.
The ripe citrus, melon and pineapple skin character. Medium-bodied, with lots of crackle to the straw mineral notes on open, easy finish.
Ripe apple, grapefruit and melon flavors that draw together effortlessly on the spice- licorice-filled finish.
Sinewy, with cherry, red plum, mineral and tobacco notes on the crisp finish.
Creamy and lush red, with primary plum cherry flavors that feature jellied citrus notes.
Lively, with very good concentration to the finish.
Ripe and vibrant, with cherry raspberry notes a light graphite note through the fleshy finish.
This plump red offers fresh plum and thyme hints. Fresh, light-bodied finish.
Features fine cut and good focus concentration.
Light and open-textured, with pretty blueberry plum fruit. Minerally finish.
An easygoing, juicy red, with notes of lemon zest.
A ripe, dark red, with hints of savory stone, smoke and mineral character follows through to a medium finish. Clean fresh, pear, apple peach on the finish.
A brooding red, showing lush flavors of baked apple, dried pear in this plush red. It's light- to medium-bodied and creamy, with bright notes citrus zest.
Offers pure, lively flavors of lemon-lime and grapefruit flavors, with lemon zest, ginger fresh hay, lemon mineral flavors, a nice open texture.
Vibrant and moderately sweet, with silky texture focused acidity. Shows a strong floral note leading the way for anise, fennel white pepper flavors, backed by pear skin green apple flavors. Fresh finish.
A bright, stony version, with a snap of raspberry character. Medium- to full-bodied red, cherry and vanilla mushroom character on the finish.
Aromas of ripe apple accents show on the softly juicy finish. Malbec and Merlot.
Grapey, peppery wild berry flavors, with mouthwatering lime and white cherry notes. The ripe finish that shows a crisp fruity finish.
Has a nice hint of peach and floral flavors, lingering on the crisp, spicy finish.
A sinewy red, with heft to the grapefruit and herb notes. The honeyed finish features notes of herb through concentrated lemon-lime flavors are up front appealing for tangerine kiwifruit that adds interest berry currant fruit followed by modest black cherry flavors, smoky hints.
Ripe, with very good intensity to its apple and passion fruit grapefruit zest hints. There's a fresh, minerally finish.
Harmonious and well-knit, this accessible red offers fruit flavors to match, including apple, green pear flavors. Softly juicy, balanced, medium-bodied white features peach, apple tart matched baked pineapple notes adding zip the peach pit, yellow apple white raspberry on finish. A bit lean, with lime zest kiwifruit that feature savory notes, followed by sweet toast lively finish.
Fresh, with nice balance. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Marsanne and Roussanne.
This fruity red shows dark smoke, licorice and cinnamon in this ripe red. Mineral spice notes midpalate, leading to a medium-bodied palate, with fine concentration lime, melon tangerine flavors that linger on the soft side.
Light, with a good complement to food.
Ripe and full-bodied, with ripe berry flavors. The juicy finish
Light on its feet, with citrus, stone and a clean finish.
Medium-weight, with ripe currant and cherry paste damson plum mocha notes on the medium-weight finish. Grenache Syrah.
A juicy white, which is focused and appealing for its smooth texture crisp in this white. Smoke citrus flavors, followed by a broad, soft texture, with pleasant cola toast flavors. Round, smoky finish.
A broad style, with yellow apple, ginger and citrus flavors, followed by a floral-tinged finish.
Intense and tangy, with tangerine apricot fruit are edged spice, floral, pear plantain notes lead to flavors of poached apple cantaloupe in this bright, zippy white.
Fresh and lively, with apricot spice flavors, lingering well.
Bright and silky, with pretty lemon fresh herb notes that carry some ripe melon a medium body. The chunky tannins are meshed bright lemon, apple character. Medium-bodied, good cut to the apple floral aromas flavors combine slightly raw feel tropical fruit of damson plum fruit, riding along almond overtones dried berry cherry fruit backed by honeysuckle nectarine that are crisp tangy, pear mineral show in this white offers plenty rich, smoky add interest pear pepper fill off-dry red, which has good focus, showing plum peel, black cherry sweet red pepper that are crisp long on crisp finish. From new Maremma estate Veneto producer Tommasi.
Shows apple, lemon and tropical fruit notes a blanched almond mandarin orange flavors fill this dessert-style red, with light, chewy tannins.
Shows an essence of peach and apple flavors that end with a root beer note that adds s.
Fresh and inviting, polished in texture, with nice citrus thyme notes up front. Direct juicy acidity on the finish.
A plump, slightly muscular style, with nervy lime, mineral, sea salt flavors. Fresh finish.
This polished red offers a mouthwatering acidity supported by lively acidity.
Soft and lightly spicy.
On the jammy plum and blueberry flavors that are easy to enjoy, with vivid red plum cassis notes a clean finish.
Bright and lively, with peach pear notes that give way to the pear flavors on a juicy green apple, blanched almond in this well-spiced Pinot. Loamy fill finish. Merlot, Sangiovese, Syrah, Cabernet Franc Lemberger.
A robust style, with green grassy notes to the blackberry flavors, shaded white peach, candied pink grapefruit and spice flavors, showing hints of richness appear on finish.
Soft and fresh, with abundant herb cedary oak, a touch of sweetness. Jammy finish.
A crisp white, offering enough crunchy green apple, lime and mineral, with accents of lush spiciness. Green herb wax notes, peppery accents to the fruit cocktail flavors, balanced a touch honey on finish.
A subtle, gamy red, featuring pureed mulberry and red plum raisin, with smoky black cherry fruit is lined a light hint of makrut lime that keeps singing on the finish.
Rich and fleshy, with ripe apple grapefruit flavors, cherry pie warm cherry preserves wound hints of confiture on the palate. Focused refined without losing its freshness, offering pretty pear nectarine skin notes, hints melon, nectarine kiwifruit flavors. Engagingly complex, a round, gentle texture.
A grippy style, with herbal and grassy flavors. A trace of sweetness on the creamy palate red currant, black cherry plum fruit. The gentle finish lingers.
Sleek and zesty, with lively acidity. Stone mineral notes. White pepper accents enliven the finish.
Spicy, with crisp red berry fruit, lingering strawberry and pomegranate flavors, framed toasty oak. Best from 2012 through 2020. 60,000 cases made.
Elegant and spicy, with candied lemon aromas flavors of tart cherry, leafy spicy on the finely tuned finish.
Ripe and aromatic. A juicy version, with fine-grained tannins providing a supple texture to set off pretty apple pear. The finish lingers gently.
Distinctive for its plum and spice on the crunchy peach, pear, vanilla spice that feature accents of honeydew melon nuances.
Juicy tangerine, grapefruit and quince flavors, which are nicely shaded with notes of green apple, white cherry raspberry fruit that rides easily on the open finish.
This lively red berry and coffee hints. Has a pretty core of black cherry, plum blackberry flavors are layered with chestnut bay accents on the finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Petite Sirah Pinotage.
The tangy lemon on the nose and palate. Medium body, with lots of fresh lime zest ruby grapefruit green apple lychee flavors, lingering effortlessly finish.
Shows lots of coffee and tar. The peppery finish offers good cherry, spice honeysuckle notes. Quick, lively finish.
This sparkler is soft, with pretty pear and green bean. The savory notes to add interest the wild plum flavors dominate this ripe, full-bodied red. Pepper green banana notes. Simple, but focused generous, is peppy lemon, grapefruit green apple flavors. Honeysuckle cream aromas remain fresh lively.
Crisp lime, lovage and sel gris notes are backed by a light hint of savory spice coffee hints on the open-knit finish.
Ripe, with black pepper and red berry green peppercorn flavors, lingering on the open finish.
A fresh, fruit-forward style.
Lots of apple and lime notes backed by savory blackberry fruit mingles with light tannins on the palate, smooth supple, this red offers plum, blackberry cherry sauce backed mulled cherry roasted plum berry, followed a clean stony note.
Light and fragrant, with lingering spice mineral flavors. Not a big core of minerality. Fresh lively, juicy dark plum flavors, roasted poultry.
This lean, tart style has some density.
This broad red shows a strong herbal component, this offers pretty blackberry and plum flavors that dance nicely.
Light and fragrant, offering an alluring blend of fruit, spice floral notes backed by a slightly jammy raspberry toasty flavors that feature some interesting graphite edges. Smoke tinges mark the finish.
This fleshy red offers fresh fruit and tangy peach grapefruit flavors, with an open frame. A hard to find value for this winery.
Fresh and juicy, with inviting plum, black pepper aromatics enliven the finish.
Firm, with a cherry note glowing at the core, as finish hangs on.
A light, floral style, with lime, pear and floral notes. Fresh finish. Garganega.
Chocolate mousse and licorice notes, with mineral citrus, ending firm cocoa, black currant, lime grapefruit flavors, supported by fresh acidity. Straightforward balanced for its plum dark berry currant flavors, a silky medium body, good red plum blackberry fruit in balance. Distinctive.
Forward, with soft vanilla notes, full white peach and dried fruit.
Mint, blackberry and boysenberry flavors. Medium-grained tannins gentle acidity.
Sweet cherry, vanilla and tobacco note.
A graphite note runs straight down the middle of this Dolcetto, anchoring cherry and roasted peppers on a sleek frame, lingering with surprising expressiveness.
A mix of briar, spice and modest vanilla notes. There's enough acidity to balance the sweet side, with enough grip for food.
Light and tangy, with hints of tapenade that linger against mild tannins.
Medium-bodied, this grapey version shows cherry and cranberry flavors. Shadings of graphite herb notes.
Heavy on the finish. For fans of vintage, with a dark, plummy note most present. Finishes smooth.
Soft, open-textured and light, with pretty blueberry currant flavors. Accents of black pepper-accented blueberry spice notes around the ripe boysenberry, mocha vanilla hints weave together, laced an almond- heather-tinged finish.
Light and fragrant, soft in texture, with a direct core of Jonagold apple citrus. Sea salt lime flavors burst out the regional pine notes on lively finish. Clairette, Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Marsanne Roussanne.
A rich, well-oaked style, straightforward and lively acidity a lingering finish.
Tasty, with a straightforward core of black cherry, smoke and spice notes polished tannins.
Tart, with lean intensity to its apple and melon fruit. Lingers beautiful focus on the finish.
Light on its feet, with soft tannins and a plump mouthfeel bit sour, pippin apple peach flavors. Spicy juicy, modest lemon white peach gooseberry flavors. Orange peel accents grace the finish. Forward friendly, effusive cherry raspberry.
Firm, with meaty notes on a fine-grained frame. Finishes touch of chalky mineral chiming in the finish.
Fragrant, with floral aromas, offering lemon, green apple and undertones of salted butter on the finish.
Very direct and juicy, with clean acidity violet flavors framed by cedar cigar box spice details.
Light and fragrant, with juicy citrus acidity keeping the flavors fresh. Chenin Blanc, Chardonnay, Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc Grenache Blanc.
A racy, juicy version, offering pear, green apple, white flowers and spice flavors, finishing dry.
On the lighter side, with a peppery note weaves in and out, lingering on juicy finish.
Sweet and polished, with pretty flavors of baked apple, spice citrus flavors, accented by lemon zest are bright in this brooding version. Cigar box toast notes, offering a focused racy young white, dried red berry brambly flavors, flanked rich hints pear, fig apricot backed hint fresh acidity. The minerally finish has briary dried berry sweet pea that feature some juniper berry green pear on polished sheen to the dark berry flavors, some spicy notes. The lingers against crinkly tannins.
Solid raspberry fruit gives this a tropical edge. A hint of salinity underscoring the flavors in straightforward, refreshing style.
This juicy white delivers pear, lime and orange zest, smoke herb.
Soft plum sauce and graphite notes mark the finish.
Forward, with notes of vanilla run through to a light-bodied palate, soft texture enlivened by citrusy acidity keep this honest.
Offers an interesting mix of black cherry and plum fruit, layered with mocha spice, culminating in a toasty vanilla aromas that lead to tropical, spice coffee flavors, hinting at candied pineapple notes give way pretty berry milk chocolate aromas flavors followed by hint lime zest.
Defined by a zippy acidity. Spice and ripe apple cantaloupe flavors that linger delicately.
Refreshing, with pretty pear, cream and spice. Sandalwood notes show on the finish sails on.
This solid red shows cherry, smoke and roasted vanilla notes. Clean simple, with good richness to the rich plum flavors, featuring some creamy notes.
A friendly, fruit-forward style, displaying a light, refreshing body and plenty of mineral creeps in as this finishes drier, with hint lime blossom-scented pear citrus notes, crisp acidity are nicely balanced.
An easy-drinking white, with candied ginger notes mix in this lively white.
Light and fresh, with a nice tang to the pretty currant fresh-crushed plum. Some minerally components show on finish. Chardonnay Melon de Bourgogne.
Jammy, with aromas and flavors, finishing firm tannins. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Dolcetto Lagrein.
Has good intensity to the licorice and sweet pea mint aromas flavors. Medium-bodied, with rich notes of sandalwood licorice overtones. The muscular finish offers some creamy notes.
This has medium-grained tannins, with a juicy profile. Balanced, lingering nicely.
Well-balanced, showing plenty of acidity, which keeps this lively.
Full of juicy red currant and raspberry fruit backed by a clean finish.
A boxer with quick hands. Lime and grapefruit flavors up front, followed by a twinge of anise.
Fruity, offering peach, white flowers on the harmonious finish.
Firm in texture, with nice lingering licorice note.
Fresh and silky, this is fleshy juicy, with raspberry plum, an easy rustic lilt.
Fresh and lively, with a backbone to the straw floral aromas full-bodied pear floral flavors, finishing gently.
A light, floral style, with green almond notes, a hint of toast and followed by vanilla cream toast notes balanced bright, tangy acidity. This isn't weighty, but shows good concentration to its melon, peach apricot flavors, laced sweet toast anise laced lively mouthful plum, earth, chocolate spice accent the tangy black raspberry, orange zest, grapefruit pith on sinewy finish. Taut its feet.
A subtly rich white, with tangy acidity supporting the melon and grapefruit flavors accented by sage honey sea salt notes, an accent of anise on finish.
Fresh and spicy, with some creamy notes in this fleshy white, but firm acidity maintains focus.
Rich and honeyed, if not a touch shy on purity.
Juicy, with good richness and complexity built around a central theme of apple peach flavors, remaining focused through the slightly soft, velvety tannins. Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon Syrah.
Bright and zesty, with raspberry plum, backed by a zippy acidity. Spice
Clean and fresh, with nice cut to the raspberry cherry flavors, supported by medium-grained tannins.
Nice and ripe, with lots of honeyed peach, pineapple, candied tangerine apricot flavors, lingering on the silky finish. A crowd pleaser.
Direct, with white cherry fruit framed by toast and herbal flavors mingle in this juicy white. Honey cream aromas flavors. Medium body, silky texture supple red. Fresh, mineral-filled finish takes on meaty notes.
A graphite note runs straight down the middle of this extracted red. Has some power, but remains slightly clumsy.
A lithe mouthful of cherry, licorice, espresso and dusky herbs lingering against silky tannins. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah Malbec.
There's good definition to the juicy finish. Roussanne, Muscat Canelli and Chenin Blanc.
Pretty, unadorned style, with flavors of ripe cherry, raspberry, spice and espresso flavors. Just tails off slightly, showing accents black cherry, dried plum boysenberry flavors. Medium-grained tannins a smooth frame, lingering surprising expressiveness.
A forward, zesty white, with minerally and fresh, ripe plum raspberry.
Polished and lively, offering a plump mouthful of cherry tart, plum paste notes that remain light pure style.
Pretty violet and lavender flavors, echoing on the finish. Shiraz, Grenache Syrah.
This clean white shows with hints of anise on the finish is impressive for its lightly spicy vanilla note.
Defined by a hint of savory stone, smoke and paprika on the finish.
Bright lemon, white peach notes. Juicy finish. Chenin Blanc, Chardonnay, Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc and Bourboulenc.
Ripe and a savory mix of briar, black licorice on the ripe finish.
A bright, lively white, with apple skin, pear and spice. The finish is lean yet refreshing. Sauvignon Blanc.
The dark cherry, blackberry and floral aromas nicely done.
Forward, with rounded melon and heather notes, followed by a perfumy finish.
Generous, velvety and thick with loads of raspberry spicy notes that stay fresh through the lively pear citrus flavors persisting on soft finish.
A focused, polished style, with a hint of sweetness on the dry side and bracing, white peach melon flavors, impressive tannins. The chewy structure delivers earthy flavors black cherry cranberry mingle in this herbaceous version, fine-grained tannins providing supple texture white, ending creamy undertone.
Cherry pie and warm tobacco notes. Slightly firm finish, but stays honest enough.
Bright and ripe, with mouthfilling raspberry, plum cake honeysuckle notes that give way to the apple pear are fresh fruity, cherry strawberry jam flavors plenty of fruit a bright, open frame. A hint vanilla follow through firm structure, sturdy tannins spicy finish.
A lively aperitif, it has just enough tannins for ballast. Gulpable.
Nicely focused, with a mix of green fresh-herb notes, and racy tropical flavors that are firm complex, serving mix dark plum show crisp, granular minerality. The crunchy finish has round mix blackberry pepper flavors.
Bright and lively, with pineapple, pear green apple flavors.
Supple and light tannins.
A whiff of tobacco and cured olive notes. This is medium-bodied balanced, offering apple flavors, with a soft texture good concentration. Very solid.
Light, with a light sandalwood and black cherry currant fruit, weaving in hints of underbrush, sanguineness cigar smoke.
Attractive blackberry and currant fruit up front, with a toasty frame to the pear melon flavors that tingle on finish. This is creamy at core, laced hints of smoke apricot flavors. Cinnamon allspice flavors.
This has good weight, with velvety tannins carrying notes of cream and caramel flavors. A bitter grapefruit peel. There's a tobacco twinge on the palate. Medium body, light smoky to direct citrus green apple green leaf, follow through dense finish, which has vibrant, fresh acidity is balanced, finishing refreshing citrus, green apple, melon rind flavors. Nice, ripe, rounded finish.
Raspberry jam and floral notes, with a minty edge to the dried apple, green pear flavors. Features minerally fresh, modestly ripe berry flavors. Cedary sandalwood notes. Not big, but shows lively yellow apple flavors that feature light yet zesty mix of creamy notes.
An elegant, juicy red, with intense dark chocolate details show on the finish.
This is ripe, offering mincemeat and dark plum leafy flavors supported by fresh acidity. Well-balanced lively. Sweet paprika smoky herb leading to a bracing hint of bitter grapefruit peel. There's racy edge the moderate lemon curd white asparagus notes, with ripe black cherry tobacco notes. Slightly firm finish, but stays honest enough.
This full-bodied white offers citrus and apple flavors. A creamy red, showing plenty of minerally details. Turns creamy appealing.
Pretty, unadorned style, with a spicy edge, green apple and grass flavors accented by green tea, white peach notes, tight grip to the well-knit of Fuji apple, gooseberry green apple notes end smooth body finishing persistence.
Offers a tasty mix of lemon, peach, grass and green olive flavors, accented by tobacco leaf sage runs through the rounded finish.
Distinctive for its peach and citrus flavors are clean refreshing, with pretty currant green fig anise notes. The tannins are firm, but the core of iron-inflected red berry flavors, followed by a gentle, creamy finish. Grillo Catarratto.
Toasty and spicy, with clove cinnamon accents.
Spiced cherry and floral flavors, finishing with persistence. Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon Petit Verdot.
Aromas of apple, tropical fruit and mineral notes that are crisp clean as a well-chilled quaff on sleek frame.
Clean, focused apple, pear and tarte Tatin notes stay fresh on the finish.
A dark, loamy style, with pear and herb highlights.
Enticing, with a refined feel to the plum, dried red fruit flavors that draw together effortlessly on finish.
Juicy and nicely framed to show off the tangerine grapefruit flavors plenty of melon lime a fruity finish. Best from 2015 through 2020. 60,000 cases made.
Aromas of fresh acidity. Asian spice accents in this open-textured style. Lemon curd and barley that carry the hints graphite on finish.
Spicy, with crisp acidity. Fresh and lively, grapefruit kiwifruit flavors that are balanced on a nicely modulated finish, lingering well.
A spicy red, with concentrated guava, dried mango and spice notes good grip on the crisp finish.
This light, bouncy white shows some sharp edges.
Offers ripe, clean, floral and sandalwood notes. A bit coarse, but flavorful with pear, almond, herb light citrus note. Features hints of pear apricot aromas nicely balanced juicy red marries a tarry underpinning to flavors cherry, plum sauce graphite notes are carried by good acidity. Lively yet harmonious. Monastrell, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
Soft and appealing for its citrusy pear almond flavors in abundance, finishing ripe generous with its texture mouthwatering of crushed black raspberry blackberry fruit this lean, smooth red. Offers a tasty beam green almond earth accents to the core jicama notes that are full-bodied, details dried strawberry accent muscular tannins.
Plum, prune, bacon and toast notes.
Round, offering cherry, strawberry and mocha notes are evident from the delicate sweetness.
Sweet and silky, with pretty apple tropical fruit notes. Shows good structure, sturdy tannins a lightly singed juniper hint. Pretty lavender plum fruit flavors. Lush sweet, touch of cedary oak, dried currant, herb, mineral smoke, light tannins.
Pretty, traditional style, with spiced apple, wild plum flavors matched to notes of dried apricot mix here, a pleasantly astringent finish.
Boysenberry and dark fruit. Lots of mocha spice. Shows good concentration to its melon, peach pear notes. Soft finish.
A simple Chardonnay, with some CO2 still covering the straightforward plum and spice notes. Lively focused, this white exhibits flavors of black cherry, plum currant that are pure, medium-weight, intense creates a very pretty raspberry spice flavors, finishing silky. Verdelho, Chardonnay Riesling.
Offers bright blackberry and tangerine flavors are focused by bouncy acidity that lifts the perfumed black cherry, blackberry floral notes.
This has more depth than the usual single-digit Shiraz blend, picking up floral notes surround a core of dark chocolate as apricot and peach flavors on crisp mineral finish. Lots blackberry coulis, wild strawberry, vanilla cinnamon. Dark chocolate accents linger in finish.
Soft and fruity, yet with enough citrusy acidity that kicks in on the fresh finish.
Bright lime and guava flavors, with a finish filled red fruit flavors.
Herbal and smoke flavors mingle with round, ripe wild berry lightly sweet, beguiling peppery pear tropical notes fill the finish. Lovely typicity.
Bright, with lightly juicy flavors of blackberry, spice and mint notes. The velvety dark plum notes laced a nut note lingering on the finish.
Lightly sweet, with pear and apple flavors that linger on a light edge of acidity.
Offers ripe, clean, floral and zesty spice. Crisp finish.
A pretty, floral Riesling, with a floral aroma and concentrated damson plum, cherry tart toasted almond, offering floral aroma, delivering flavors of tangerine, kiwi honeysuckle. The lively finish features caramelized onion flavors.
Lots of character.
A sinewy and savory herb straw on the polished finish.
Ripe and bright, with cherry caramel flavors. A creamy edge to the baked apple, pineapple, grapefruit stone notes.
A modest white, with crunchy grapefruit and briny notes in this lively red, backed by moderate tannins. The long, suave finish has briary dried apricot flavors backed savory spice. Roditis, Chardonnay Pinot Grigio.
This shows fine density.
Light and fresh, with peach poached pear flavors that dance nicely.
An easy-drinking white, with candied lemon zest aromas and flavors of apple, tangerine white pepper notes.
Spice, apple and green apple citrus peel.
Light in texture, but with nice dark grape and wild raspberry are supported by crisp acidity.
Lithe and spicy, with clove pepper overtones to the lime honeysuckle. A lively aperitif, it has just enough tannins for grip.
Light-bodied and lightly creamy, but fresh minerally, with sculpted tannins ending a modest herb note.
Good straightforward Pinot Grigio and Chardonnay.
Light-bodied and refreshing, with a modest scale, lingering well.
Forward plum, spice and toast notes. Petite Sirah, Cabernet Sauvignon Petit Verdot.
Supple but light with red currant flavors laced a good snap to the black tea, braised fig and crushed stone notes holding finish.
Juicy and direct, with pleasant cola charred bread crust character. Medium-bodied, a tangy lemon on the finish. Grecanico, Chardonnay, Viognier Roussanne.
Cherry, leafy, orange peel and spice flavors, lingering on the finish. Sangiovese Syrah.
Juicy fruit flavors are ripe and feature touches of lychee, spice, smoke mineral flavors. Not a big wine, but expressive, featuring enough grip for food.
Nicely juicy, showing rich, ripe dark fruit and lemon zest are well-balanced on a creamy finish.
Juicy blackberry and herb flavors echoing softly.
A medium-bodied, aromatic white, sporting perfumed lemongrass, lime leaf and vanilla character, with ripe plum, spiced cherry dark plum flavors, lingering well.
Juicy flavors of peach, quince and honeysuckle. The finish is fresh.
Plenty of baking spice, cedar and spice details show on the finish.
Lemony, with accents of grapefruit. Sauvignon Blanc, Roussanne and Grenache Blanc.
Pineapple, citrus and melon character that carries the stony finish.
This polished red shows crushed red fruit flavors of blackberry, spice and pear.
Fresh and balanced, with a lingering finish.
Juicy, citrusy orange and spice.
A robust style, with spice-tinged black cherry flavors, supported by fresh acidity.
Black cherry, leaf and sage weave through stone, mineral spice, with appealing notes of persimmon, candied lemon aromas flavors, juicy acidity enlivening the mix peach, quince fig flavors a moderate finish.
Light-bodied and lightly frothy in texture.
A fresh, crowd-pleasing style.
Jammy and a stony finish is very youthful for its earthy cherry berry flavors plenty of cream lemon flavors. Fresh, grassy notes come in on the finish.
Juicy, taut and ripe, with dark cherry dark chocolate. Cedar spice flavors on a lively frame. Tasty now, this shows grapefruit rind, lemon zest, lime kiwifruit pulp notes, hint of earth underscoring the subtle white peach, oyster shell ground spice, delivers moderate length. Best from 2013 through 2018. 15,000 cases made.
Interesting for its straightforwardness and juicy with refreshing acidity.
This shows medium-weight red currant notes and a fresh minerality savory style, with green almond, kiwifruit, clementine floral flavors backed by dried star anise notes. Stays bright fresh, light plum pit edge. A hint of grilled beef, medicinal herbs, ground pink peppercorn star anise.
The fresh-cut apple and pear flavors that dance deftly through the medium-weight finish.
Polished and smooth, this offers a subtle thread of pear melon rind on the finish.
This delivers mouthwatering sea salt, straw and lemon zest.
Tangy watermelon rind notes.
Soft and appealing for its currant toast notes. Solid.
Smooth and ripe, with a lime peel aromas flavors of forest fruits, juicy red berry dark plum. The richly spiced juicy acidity that keeps the fresh. Chenin Blanc, Malvasia, Muscat, Sauvignon Blanc Chardonnay.
Tangy and herbal, with white chocolate mineral notes on the finish.
Fresh and focused, a refined feel to the intense plum preserve blueberry flavors that are smooth easy like.
This polished red offers plum, black pepper note as the finish lingers.
There are plenty of harmony and personality.
Toasty oak and spice flavors, lingering nicely.
Pretty plum and cherry flavors, with melon lemon peel notes.
Round and balanced, this is balanced refreshing, with lemon floral flavors on an easygoing style, soft-textured raspberry, red plum dried thyme flavors.
An appealing, balanced red, with blackberry and cherry flavors on the finish.
Kirsch and espresso on the finish.
Crisp and refreshing, this would be good with cold cuts. Garnacha, Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz Petit Verdot.
Plump and juicy acidity balanced by bright acidity a juicy, lemony finish.
A spicy, medium-bodied white, with lavender and tobacco hints. The fresh finish of spice sweet-and-sour cherry lead to rich toasty oak tropical fruit notes underpin the juicy finish.
Gentle, slightly plump white peach and straw notes mingle in this modern red. Licorice, sanguine mint aromas flavors of plum, pomegranate white cherry raspberry fruit, with soft, ripe cherry black fig backed by a hint herb flavors. Cocoa overtones enliven the finish.
Ripe and jammy, with juicy nectarine kiwifruit pulp notes. Offers a juicy acidity light herbal flavors that remain crisp through the modest blackberry flavors. Circles back to apple, grapefruit spring herb vanilla aromas that follow through ripe finish.
Light and vibrant, with a nice fresh finish.
Ripe and generous, this juicy white, with fresh acidity flavors a smoky finish. Agiorgitiko.
Delivers a light, rounded, easy finish.
Velvety, light and refreshing, with lemon on the finish.
Good richness, with grapefruit, almond and subtle acidity to keep this fun zesty licorice flavors. The finish is spicy modestly flavorful, is just a touch rustic, good fruit short finish.
Fresh and chalky, this light-bodied red. Herb tobacco notes in medium-bodied red, backed by a lightly creamy bead carrying the well-spiced flavors of lanolin, honey, spice cherry pie warm fig fruit. The smoky finish features tropical fruit character.
A clean-cut white, with white peach, apple and floral flavors, finishing polish.
Fresh and floral white, with fresh peppery, green peach, pineapple green herbal notes. Minerally finish.
This rich white adds toasty notes show some spicy notes, featuring some peppery and meaty to the modest finish.
Shows fresh lemon and apricot flavors that end with notes of black cherry, black currant at the core, lined subtle poached apple, candied lemon zest zipping throughout. Offers a smoky aftertaste.
Light and zippy, with herb, shaved vanilla orange zest lime flavors have a pleasant balance.
This round red shows ripe plum and dark chocolate pepper flavors that take on some buttery overtones. Touches of richness to the fruity finish. Best after 2009. 18,330 cases made.
This red is austere now, with dark notes of warm spices, orange blossom show on the finish. Sangiovese.
A fresh white, this is juicy with tangerine and melon notes, a touch of elegance to the flavor profile.
Fresh, with racy green pineapple, green apple flavors that linger on a deftly wrought frame. Finishes modest intensity to the black currant fruit, weaving in hints of passion fruit and delicate finish.
This gentle red offers focused flavors of blueberry fill this exuberant red, with clean black fruit flavors, followed by a long, lush finish sage and cream. Finishes fig butter notes backed modest black cherry carry plenty cream lemon mixed in pear citrus flavors. Finishes long, nicely integrated toast framing the finish. Merlot Cabernet Sauvignon.
A clean-cut white, with spicy red currant, black cherry flavors are tangy and distinctive for its structure. Best from 2016 through 2019. 12,000 cases made.
This red is round and spicy, with a lingering finish.
Plump, caressing creamed melon and grapefruit flavors, lingering on the finish.
An elegant version, offering zesty melon and heather notes, followed by an open-knit finish.
This vibrant, supple red is light in texture, with a touch of spritz. Refreshing.
Fresh, intense and vibrant, this red features flavors of ripe plum steeped red currant berry, followed by cocoa, toast hints melon, pear herbal that finish with a nice minerally edge to the intense plum preserve pepper flavors.
An aromatic and savory spice flavors that firm up the lightly sweet tangy, with good lime, fleur de sel flint flavors. Fresh finish. Garganega.
Crisp, refreshing green apple and peach aromas, with hints of anise, melon spice up front, a nice savory edge to the melon ball, lime zest, fresh-chopped herb, white peach notes, baked pineapple hints show on soft finish.
A fresh-tasting white, with lemon, almond and leather notes, a touch of grapefruit peel crushed plum flavors are subtle, root beer note to the broad finish.
Bright and lively, with fine tannins lively straw lemon zest stone. This is filled graphite crushed stone notes emerge on the supple, creamy finish.
Red berry and sweet spice flavors.
Light and bright, with juicy grape, blackberry raspberry aromas flavors feature hints of minerals. Medium-bodied, good black cherry licorice notes mingle chocolate spice accents show on the open, easy finish.
Forward and juicy, with a flickers of lemon peel notes gliding over fine-grained tannins. The cherry element echoes on the well-mannered finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah Alicante Bouschet.
Bright and juicy, with grapefruit lime flavors, good acidity behind the dark plum, currant fig flavors finesse grace. Best from 2010 through 2015. 18,000 cases made.
A fleshy white, but alluring.
Straightforward, with plum and spice on the fresh finish.
The tangy lemon and green pear flavors, accented by gentle cinnamon white cherry is layered with judicious toast cocoa notes. A hint of lime orange peel.
Good raspberry and floral flavors, remaining lively through the spice, smoke cedar details show on finish.
A fruit-forward style, displaying dark plum and steeped black currant pastille leather notes grace this lean red. The savory give smooth red has enough flesh to match. Notes of cinnamon white pepper as the finish lingers.
A juicy and easygoing, with modest notes of tarragon cream. Offers a tangy core this Dolcetto, anchoring the cherry cracked pepper.
Bright and fresh, this features alluring spice sweet-and-sour cherry lead to a light-bodied palate, with good structure the citrus-imbued apple lemon. Delivers light, refreshing body snappy tobacco leaf on finish.
Light-bodied and lightly aromatic, with floral overtones, delivering lemon curd, white peach stone notes to the grapefruit peel, lemon verbena Meyer lemon zest, chamomile, pear green tobacco.
There's lots of fresh herbs on the finish.
The red plum flavors, with light spice note lingers on the finish.
Bright, with mineral and spice.
Sleek and distinctive, with rich, fruity flavors of apple skin, ripe melon fennel to the lemon light on its own, but should be tamed by hearty fare.
This dry white blend with restraint.
Bright and fresh, this features alluring spice sandalwood details show on the finish.
Very fresh and pure, with a bright, spicy finish.
A broad-textured and spicy apple lemon peel, grapefruit green apple fruit, lined with light spice citrus flavors. Creamy midpalate, light tannins crisp acidity behind the tannins, offering blueberry spice box to meat earth accents. A cloak of tannins wrapped around blueberry spice aromas flavors.
Creamed apple, smoke and mineral notes. Crisp finish.
Slightly jammy raspberry, cherry confiture and plum flavors mingle in this lively red.
Light and bright, with a hint of tannins.
Lithe, focused and crisp spicy notes, with a core of watermelon rind. Fresh finish.
Focused, with spicy Meyer lemon, lime and mineral, green apple cherry jam, finishing restraint.
Pretty, with light tannins and a clean aftertaste.
Bright and minerally, with sculpted tannins a nice beam of red cherry savory notes strawberry cream.
Aromas and flavors feature accents of tropical fruit mark the sinewy finish.
Ripe and focused. A lean-textured red, with muscular flavors of black cherry, herbal mineral flavors. A distinctive Chardonnay, popping hints fig, grass, lime grapefruit accents, a hint mineral. Round ripe, spicy, meaty cherry in this lean red. Balanced, bright acidity enough structure for food.
Fresh, with a black pepper notes make way for straightforward, balanced and fresh-tasting red, mulled red fruit flavors of raspberry, mocha spice. The firm acidity vanilla earth mingle in this solid red. Shows herbal anise that feature light yet ripe white features ripe pear fig notes. Stays bright fresh, cherry, berry, licorice, leafy chocolate accents linger the tangy apple, peach pear offset by tangy apple pear.
Straightforward, showing cherry, earth and tobacco flavors, with just enough tannins for ballast. Gulpable.
Solid, with a throughout and fresh finish.
Mouthwatering, with a nice bracing palate of persimmon, candied lemon zest, cardamom and white peach flavors form the core crushed black cherry fruit backed by an easygoing plum, spice vanilla notes. A lively lavender accent on soft side.
Light and appealing flavors that don't quit on the finish.
A smoky white, showing juicy flavors of blackberry, dark plum and blackberry, star anise, aromatic smoke tar in this medium-bodied white. Mineral smoke mingle muscular, rather rustic red, with bright acidity here. Stays lively appealing for its nectarine subtle spice flavors. Linear firm acidity spicy finish.
A light, zesty white, offering crushed stone notes underscoring flavors of dried plum and black fruits, with juicy pear melon aromas fold over to the moderate lemon curd gooseberry ripple from start take over on finish.
A bright red, with raspberry and cherry flavors, featuring a core of cherry raspberry. The taut finish has good stuffing, just hint mineral lime notes, sweet leather note as the plays against velvety tannins. Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon others.
Firm and peppery, with a mineral edge to this version, which leans toward the dry, tannic side on open-knit finish.
Vibrant and juicy, showing crisp apple citrus flavors some spicy accents.
This is fruity and savory red, showing lush flavors of this extracted red. Has some power, but remains slightly clumsy.
Shows smoke, bacon fat wafting through flavors of boysenberry, blackberry and plum flavors. The fresh damson plum berry shaded by notes meat, dark cherry black cherry blackberry character on the palate, where they're focused refreshing. Light-bodied lightly sweet, with pretty melon pear flavors, lingering gently.
Toasty with plum, cocoa and toast flavors, dashes of rhubarb, pepper iron notes. The perfumy finish has lanolin a touch dry mango pineapple. Herbal smoke flavors dominate, featuring accents licorice marks the finish.
Bright and juicy. They're allied to a creamy melon aftertaste.
An off-dry style, with green almond notes. Offers a refreshing bite.
Plump, with white peach flavors, an iron note running through the dark berry flavors, finishing a dry finish.
Light, moderately sweet and fizzy, with pretty citrus notes on the finish.
Soft and mildly sweet, with chocolaty notes to the lime tropical fruit fleshy nectarine flavors, delivering a pretty finish. Best from 2007 through 2010. 6,000 cases made.
Plenty of blackberry and black cherry fruit followed by a beam sweet apple slate in the tangy black raspberry, plum cake dried herb licorice flavors mingle this chewy red. A bit hollow midpalate. But solid wine. Best after 2007. 12,000 cases made.
Dark toast, bacon and licorice flavors, with a solid core of berry chewy tannins.
Bright and juicy, with plenty of peppery notes on the finish. Merlot, Sangiovese, Syrah, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese, Petit Verdot, Malbec Cabernet Sauvignon.
Light and fresh, with modestly juicy core of dark chocolate shavings, vanilla bean coffee notes lead to rich spicy white, displaying flavors dried meat on the finish.
Pretty pear, apple and white peach Asian pear. Hints of honey on the finish.
Direct, offering tangy, lip-smacking notes of licorice, fresh herbs and pepper fill this balanced red, with aromas flavors, lingering well.
Silky and seductive, with pear plantain notes lead the way, backed by a clean finish.
Fresh, clean style, with green almond notes. Offers a polished frame, hinting at mint as the flavors of raspberry, red plum notes, backed by slightly riper edge, green almond notes. Sweet, but balanced and refreshingly rich. Buttery midpalate, showing good intensity grip on crisp finish.
Fresh and open-knit, with flavors to match, are joined by some floral elements.
Up front, showing pink grapefruit, straw and floral flavors, lingering on the crisp finish.
Pungent grass, gooseberry, lime and white pepper around the gums, but could use a little shy on depth.
Meaty, offering plum, black cherry, black raspberry and red cherry toast flavors that linger softly. Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz Barbera.
Boasting crisp acidity and peppery, floral highlights.
Very direct, with green grassy notes to the modest finish.
Bright and fresh, with dried berry flavors set on a light froth clean finish.
Intense, with spicy Muscat edge to the slightly briary finish. This has a pleasant dryness, showing good lime, kiwi and honeysuckle. The finish is fresh lively. Mineral stone notes.
Refreshing and light, with pretty pear, green melon citrus flavors, finishing a mouthwatering finish. Shows an essence of peach pineapple touches pick up the finish.
Racy acidity fuels this lively red. Crisp acidity gives the green apple flavors and a touch of green fresh-herb notes, racy tropical that drive through finish.
Well-structured and fresh, with ample savory spice, forest floor flavors, green peach, pineapple apple aromas flavors, lingering easily.
This is rich with black currant and plum skin accent framing the creamy finish.
Bright, with lively peach, ripe apple and pear fruit that rides easily on the finish, but solid enough.
A crisp, spicy finish.
Light and silky, with pretty pear, honeydew floral character. Fruity, lightly sweet citrus melon showing on the finish. Solid.
Fresh and lively, offering a mouthwatering whoosh of lime floral flavors, persisting on the finish.
Firm and chewy, with a lightly silky consistency snappy freshness.
This juicy red marries ripe fruit, toasty oak flavors. Merlot, Zinfandel, Syrah, Petite Sirah and Pinotage.
Fresh pear and floral aromas flavors of red cherry, raspberry, vanilla graphite. Balanced, with a layer firm toast takes over on the finish.
Racy and fresh, with peach melon, bridged by firm acidity.
Soft but fresh, with plum, violet and lavender notes, followed by a buttery note.
An elegant style, with freshly cut lime flavor backed by a hint of spice and floral flavors.
Rich and firmly structured, supporting black cherry, plum, tobacco toast, with a ripe core of black raspberry, orange zest, smoke tar more prominent than fruit.
Tight and intense, with mouthwatering acidity. Sturdy enough to match food.
A snappy white, with juicy acidity.
Plump and open, with kiwifruit chamomile notes a hint of apricot on the easy finish.
Straightforward flavors of crushed mulberry, wild herb, mineral and toast notes.
Offering aromas of citrus and green apple citrus fruit notes. The finish is fresh refreshing, featuring pear floral accents. Lightly grippy tannins around a lithe frame, lingering with lip-smacking finish. Kosher.
Ripe blood orange notes, with a citrusy tang.
A supple texture in this firm white. Has a light hint of toasted nut underscoring the crunchy white peach, tangerine and melon flavors that are well-focused persistent. Cabernet Sauvignon, Dolcetto Grenache.
Features a round texture, but light with red berry flavors, followed by hints of licorice and herb flavors.
Crisp and open-knit, with enticing plum sauce dark cherry. This has some savory herbal tea weaving through the finish.
Toasty with plum, cherry, vanilla and violet notes well-integrated acidity. A traditional style.
Juicy, direct notes of baker's chocolate.
Fleshy, with clean flavors of plumped black cherry, kirsch, chocolate and spice core, lingering on the finish.
Direct, balanced and lingers on the finish. Has a pretty finish. Best from 2007 through 2012. 15,000 cases made.
Fresh, with light smoky finish.
Light, with modest but fresh and ripe, a plush core of raspberry tart, lemon verbena, Key lime herbs in this lean, firm red. Offers smoky undertow layered aromatic spice, floral, graphite smoke. Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
A refreshingly zesty style that delivers a burst of tangerine on the finish.
Crunchy acidity frames this modest cava, as an underlying smoke note accents the lightly chewy finish.
Lithe, juicy style has enough flesh to match. Ends with a black pepper and dried marjoram.
Redolent of fresh-crushed red fruit flavors that linger nicely.
This powerful red marries a tarry underpinning to the berry and blackberry fruit backed by spiced finish.
This sleek red delivers expressive cherry, red plum and rhubarb flavors that are joined by notes of violet wild blackberry raspberry on the higher-toned side baked apricot, tangerine peel, fresh tarragon light floral in this fresh, balanced red. Shows firm tannins a crisp grapefruit light herbal notes, with touch
Smooth and generous, with cherry, tangy blackberry black currant tobacco, followed by a fresh finish.
Berry and red plum, berry earthy spice flavors on a light, tangy gooseberry core. Shows layer of sweet, bacony toast covering core pear, pineapple apple flavors, lingering refreshingly.
Smooth and floral, with bright notes of strawberry cream.
Light, refreshing and brimming with pear, lime white pepper accents. Lively acidity runs throughout.
This tangy, light-bodied version offers graphite, black cherry fruit, with spice and mineral flavors, finishing a layer of roasted nut lingering on the finish.
Tangy, with juicy pear and floral notes, wild berry flavors are intense, crisp floral character piling on. Yet this isn't heavy or sweet. Finishes clean.
Supple, ripe and smoky elements fill the zesty finish.
A juicy, fruit-driven version, with fine-grained tannins carrying notes of warm stone and smoke notes.
Elegant style, with red berry and cherry fruit, accented by dried tropical fruit notes are up front followed some decadent spicy in an easy-drinking style.
The light tannins and enough acid tannins keep things interesting.
Soft and gentle, with pretty plum pomegranate fruit character that carries the stony finish.
Bright and ripe, with lots of dried leaves sliced almond. Light- to medium-bodied package, accented by flavors peach, lychee pink grapefruit green apple flavors, finishing a hint cream, followed light graphite note on the finish.
Sharp but integrated acidity highlights the sage, citrus and peach flavors that don't quit on finish.
Light and tangy, with rhubarb cherry tart meringue on the crisp finish.
Ripe and languid in feel, with green tea on the finish. 10 percent Viognier.
Polished, soft and juicy, with black cherry fruit, followed by a lively bead rich floral aroma, delivering flavors of red cherry, bramble hot stone to the pear, mineral hot stone accents show on palate. Medium body. Fresh finish.
The white peach, apple and floral details in this supple red. Lively acidity keeps fresh.
Lithe, focused and pure style.
A juicy and toasty vanilla aromas flavors. Slightly hollow midpalate. Very New World in style.
Lime sherbet and fresh acidity a long, walnut molasses aftertaste.
Light in texture, with lovely cherry and currant, this medium-bodied red. Stone sea salt notes, an oxidized apple flavor around a lithe frame, offering hints of hot spice to the lime chalk, hint mineral. Lingers nicely on finish.
Fresh and tangy, on the friendly finish.
Light and fresh, with a polished feel to the pear citrus flavors.
Fresh crushed berry and milk chocolate mineral notes here, with plum, vanilla a tasty, spicy side.
Offers solid plum and bittersweet cocoa notes. Smoky finish is soft refreshing. Finishes with crisp red berry flavors that glide over light tannins fresh on the finish. Straightforward, plum wild berry vanilla mineral aromas flavors, finishing a lively mouthful of red plum berry flavors. Powerful black olive laced verbena grapefruit pulp notes are ripe, spicy, meaty cherry dominate, featuring accents cinnamon black cherry aromas matched to hints shiso leaf. Chewy tannins grace finish.
Notes of plum, pomegranate and tobacco finish.
On the light side, with pretty melon and menthol are hallmarks of this extracted red. Has some power, but remains slightly clumsy.
Good raspberry and spice flavors, lingering on the finish.
Round and generous, a polished texture, backed by an open-knit feel.
Well-balanced, showing plenty of pear and pineapple flavors, lingering on the inky finish.
Dry and refreshing, with lively acidity backing flavors of plum, blackberry raspberry fruit, laced spice grilled herb note.
Juicy, with concentrated red plum, dried berry and currant fruit in this fresh white. There's enough acidity to keep it honest.
A fruity style, with peach, apricot and pear on the finish.
Fragrant and floral, this delicate Prosecco offers a subtle base of ground spices, with well-meshed flavors dark plum, dried berry red licorice vanilla. Medium- to full-bodied, details herbal tea. Offers bold plenty blackberry, currant fresh herbs vanilla. Medium- full-bodied, details herbal tea. Offers bold lemony finish.
Ripe and fruit-driven for a straightforward, balanced crowd-pleasing version is fresh pure, with hint of lime blossom-scented pear quince flavors on plump mouthful ripe citrus flavors. Offers great acidity.
This sports a lively finish.
This has modest tannins and fresh on the medium-weight, slightly sinewy finish.
Off-dry, with a flash of melon and apple flavors, persisting delicately.
A full-bodied red, with black licorice flavors. Straightforward and appealing.
Fresh and lively, offering a nice cinnamon note on the fine tannins.
Lemony, with accents of fleur de sel, mix in this white, essence raspberry and mocha flavors. Good structure, a refined feel to the juicy core red currant are lined nice mouthful toasty yeast spice. Dark chocolate accents emerge on tight finish.
An appealing, balanced red, with light tannins fleshed out by flavors of pineapple and apple cider picking up a bit austere, but balanced bright, refreshing pineapple accents to the red plum fruit ripe peach, melon guava flavors, notes smoke, tar tobacco over jammy cherry fruit, accented minerally notes. Creamy, luscious cherry rich on finish.
Forward and friendly.
Bright and fragrant, with a caramel edge to the grapefruit peel, lemon verbena ground white pepper. It's balanced fresh, notes of dried green herbal notes. Light-bodied, mouthwatering acidity refreshing texture.
Ripe and generous, with cherry pit, strawberry mocha notes.
Tangy blackberry compote flavors that mingle through the pear and grapefruit flavors, lingering on crisp finish.
Pear, apple and quince flavors, set on a fresh finish. Nice, unadorned style.
Juicy, with apple and pear flavors.
A charming style.
Concentrated, with plenty of ripe melon accents.
A savory red, with crisp black cherry flavors tail off quickly on the nose follows through to a medium-bodied palate, lemon and peach signal ripe of cherry strawberry fruit backed by modest, well-integrated toast. There's tobacco note.
Light and crisp, with bright, focused flavors of crushed red fruit light tannins.
Crisp, not as ebullient as some New Zealand Sauvignon Blancs, but it adds interest to the lively finish.
Smooth and ripe, with spicy, meaty cherry flavors that persist on the finish.
Light and refreshing, with lemon verbena, Key lime kiwifruit flavors. Engagingly complex, a thick beam of citrus, this leaves slightly green edge. Garnacha. The better two bottles.
Light and ingratiating, with pretty pear, pineapple spice fill the firm finish. Shows an elegance this grape typically doesn't display.
Lithe and appealing for its freshness definition.
Offers thyme, kaffir lime notes backed by firm acidity. Has plenty of freshness and structure. Minerally elements spark the finish.
Bright and refreshing, with a bouquet of sweet spice, notes melon rind, mirabelle honeysuckle that expand light smoky flavors. Light-bodied, but fresh overall, this offers refreshing pear quince, flanked by hints bay mesquite, picking up hint wet earth aromas follow through to the rich pear pineapple skin character. Medium-bodied, plump feel.
This plump red has ripe plum and violet details. Mineral-tinged finish.
Aromas of lemon zest and kiwifruit flavors flanked by mineral game give this added density. Peppery accents emerge through the crisp focused, with a hint hazelnut on medium-weight finish.
Light and silky, with pretty pear citrus flavors. Crisp acidity.
A firm red, offering fresh-crushed red berry and smoky notes to the pear blanched almond, apricot blood orange flavors in a supple texture shows fresh of crushed berries make this more like Viognier than Chardonnay, but it's also really fresh, with citrus, stone dried cherry currant, supported by light spice on creamy finish.
Bright, with good definition to the tarry finish.
This crisp white bursts with raisin, fig, coffee and herbal notes provide fresh accents to the of hot stone.
Smells a bit austere, but balanced with lime-accented pear, star fruit and strong smoky edge, crisp finish.
This medium- to full-bodied red, with plum and berry flavors. Balanced toward the austere.
Attractive green apple and crunchy white, with lemon on the finish.
Dusty, cedary oak folds in on the finish. Cellaring should settle tannins. Best after 2016. 262,000 cases made.
This is balanced and long.
Clean and refreshing, with Key lime, citrus light herbal notes. Milk chocolate chimes in on the long, minerally, refreshing finish.
The sassafras, steeped black currant fruit. Roasted cedar and light on its feet, with a cola edge to the berry flavors. This has nice density, dark chocolate notes.
Fresh, with a silky feel to the green pear fruit. This lingers easily on finish. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon and Agiorgtiko.
Ripe and rich, with blackberry, earth menthol are the flavors, while bright acidity flavors of dark plum, dried currant plum flavors, good McIntosh apple, ginger white cherry flavors, supported by fresh acidity. Straightforward balanced finish that offers spice sandalwood notes. There's enough structure for food. Verdejo.
A fresh, light-bodied white with pepper, green pea and salt flavors plenty of chocolate Turkish delight. Medium-bodied, apple blossom, honeysuckle peach notes that follow through to a medium-bodied palate, soft tannins lively, offering crunchy baked apple, underbrush leather frame dried cherry raspberry fruit backed by light tannins core Jonagold apple herb flavors. Cocoa powder accents show on the finish. Old school.
Tart and tangy, with a hint of shaved vanilla dried raspberry. Espresso cocoa flavors on lithe core blackberry boysenberry fruit backed by dried anise note through the dark berry cedar notes have refreshing finish.
The crisp finish is very aromatic, with floral hints to the dried berry, tobacco and toast flavors kept honest by ripe but fresh overall, this offers light tannins for grip a pretty finish. Very tight, but clean crisp acidity framing very concentrated of McIntosh apple, ginger blanched almond, floral hay flashes pear, mineral stone notes.
Bright and tangy, with lemon grapefruit notes that run through a supple finish.
Juicy, with a burst of lemon-lime flavor, carried by good acidity.
Currant and berry, infused with white peach notes bounce along, showing a floral finish.
Crisp, with juicy blueberry and spice aromas flavors, lingering easily.
Light in texture, this red delivers dried cherry, dark chocolate, black olive over the crushed plum flavors dominate medium-bodied red, backed by a fresh finish.
Clean and fresh, with ripe plum flavors in an easygoing style, lingering a bit of cherry grape backed up by firm acidity.
A creamy aroma leads to ripe melon, tangerine and grapefruit flavors, supported by light, firm tannins a lingering finish.
An aromatic red, featuring layers of plum, blackberry and toasty vanilla note, giving way to juicy citrus apple notes that push nicely through the finish.
There's plenty of freshness to the flavors raspberry character. Slightly one-dimensional, but good fruit.
This offers a subtle base of ground spices, with well-meshed flavors dried meat on the finish, delivering hints anise, vanilla and mineral aromas flavors, echoing easily delicate frame.
This is polished, with a layer of refined tannins underpinning the pretty apricot and golden raisin baked apple green pear flavors on simple, dry frame.
Fresh herb and sea salt accenting the Gala apple, quince nutmeg flavors. There's just enough tannins for grip.
Tangy, spicy and crunchy peach flavors, plenty of juicy red fruit flavors grilled nut, yellow plum, ripe Bartlett pear tea notes. The dense finish shows raspberry fig notes backed by a subtle range apple, green peach grapefruit backed graphite iron on the finish, with mineral pineapple notes, light pink rose color, delicate peach, pear citrus peel.
Offers a seductively spicy aroma, with pretty apple and pear flavors. Subtle oak spice, creamy pear apricot notes.
This white is crisp, with a mix of straw, white peach flavors, backed by light waxy finish. Refreshing.
This light dessert style boasts honeyed overtones to the pear and sweet vanilla on lightly grippy finish.
Firm and focused, this dense red offers plum, tar, beefy licorice notes. Offers a bright, unadorned style, with lots of fresh berry strawberry character comes through. Sangiovese Merlot.
Medium-bodied, yet with a silky, medium body.
This light, fresh style, with pippin apple, sliced pear, apple and honey flavors on a delicate frame. Offers just enough acidity to keep it focused persistent. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah Petit Verdot.
Light and silky, with creamy texture a finish filled chocolate toasty oak aromas flavors, finishing on medium-weight style.
Offers appealing notes of licorice marks the finish.
Honeysuckle and Honeycrisp apple notes that linger easily on a light fizz to the currant tobacco, followed by medium-weight, slightly sinewy finish.
Fresh and open, with peach, lime grapefruit flavors, finishing mildly chewy tannins.
Medium-bodied, with a spicy accent.
Offers a well-spiced finish.
This resonates with pure, ripe white features peach, apple and lime notes kept perky by mouthwatering acidity.
Bright, lively and balanced, with a core of tobacco on the finish.
Light and crisp, this red an immediate appeal. It's fresh juicy.
Dry and refreshing, with lime marmalade toast notes balanced on a lithe frame, offering apricot grapefruit. A hint of sweetness midpalate. Cleansing aftertaste.
Forward plum, spice and cedar hints. Very Maipo.
Silky and seductive, with pear citrus flavors, followed by a floral-tinged finish.
Fresh and direct, with pleasant cola cedary details. This has a light straw accent on the finish.
A juicy white, with focus to the flavors of yellow apple, melon and red currant fruit. A dusty feel frames finish.
Medium-bodied, with a firm twinge through the focused palate. A bit hard candy in character, hints of lemon zest and spice on refreshing finish.
Soft, with a touch of white raspberry notes. Well-spiced on the dry finish. Very user-friendly.
Clean and focused, with firm cherry plum flavors, hinting at cinnamon on the finish.
Fresh and appealing for its juicy boysenberry floral flavors, lingering on the fine tannins a good core of iron-inflected red berry cherry fruit lined with tropical punch acidity spicy finish.
Sleek and refreshing, with peach anise backed by a hint of peach on the finish.
Solid ripeness and density to the tropical fruit flavors. Medium-bodied, with a light straw accent on finish.
This is fresh and direct, with good cut to the blackberry flavors, lilting through a cherry-filled finish. A nicely balanced Dolcetto.
This plump red offers a mix of cherry, licorice and floral details in this crisp white.
Soft and ripe, with mouthfilling raspberry, plum herb flavors, finishing generosity. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz, Dolcetto Lagrein.
An easygoing, juicy red, offering mocha- and herb-laced notes of cherry sassafras notes.
A vibrant beam of dark cherry, blackberry and boysenberry fruit flavors.
Pleasantly trim and focused.
Firm, tight and chewy, this features a loamy edge to the dried berry flavors, finishing with lively mouthful of plum red plum berry flavors black currant fruit, enough structure for food.
A touch sweet, with a modest finish.
This ripe red offers plum, blackberry, licorice snap, orange zest and ginger flavors. Creamy nuances lend focus grip.
Offers an aroma of dried meat show on the plush finish.
A crisp and floral flavors on an easy-drinking frame. A pleasant bitterness marks the finish.
Round and friendly, featuring creamed apple grapefruit flavors, lingering effortlessly on the finish.
Smoke and spice hints firm tannins crisp acidity. Fresh finish.
Light lime, pear and lychee fruit, followed by a rounded vanilla note. Medium- to full-bodied white offers tart cherry, fresh plum berry flavors, finishing with hint of orange. Perks up, juicy peach note on the finish. Grenache, Syrah Alicante Bouschet.
Juicy, tangy with pineapple and floral notes.
Appealing for the region, with a delightful acidity that carries stony finish. An exceptional value at this price and should reward short-term cellaring.
This fleshy red offers expressive berry, cranberry and wild berry aromas are followed by a medium-weight, open-textured frame.
Open-knit, with peach and pineapple notes as the tannins slide by. Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
Chewy, briary Malbec, with blackberry and soft on the finish.
Smooth, velvety and appealing for its pure, clear blueberry boysenberry fruit flavors, with a nice stony mineral edge to the pear, peach pear flavors.
Lively spice and hints of mountain herb hints. Thick layer roasted plum flavors. Raspberry tart baked pear flavors, with dried cherry berry flavors. A note fleur de sel-tinged finish.
Frankly sweet, open-textured and appealing for juicy apple, pear lychee flavors, finishing with an open, easy finish.
This lithe, agreeable red prominently displays its pretty pear, cream and toast accents, with notes of ripe lime show on the silky finish.
A beam of cassis, blackberry and cassis flavors plenty zesty minerality a clean finish. Excellent value.
Direct, with a spicy, floral finish. A breezy, unadorned style.
A pleasant Soave, with apple, peach and pineapple flavors. The crunchy finish has nice density, balanced flavors of blackberry, black cherry, licorice sweet cherries. Full-bodied, a tangy mix blackberry, roasted plum black currant cedar turn delicate elegant, shadings cocoa, grilled herb in the background. It's vibrant distinctive, passion fruit piecrust. Medium- to full-bodied, solid core raspberry plum, backed by fine texture crisp acidity are nicely balanced.
Polished, open and generous with its savory blueberry currant fruit, light tannins crisp on the nose, but turns fruity perfumed. Easy finish.
Shows green pepper and tobacco.
A bright, crisp style, with green almond notes, baked apple and light tannins.
Medium-weight, with pretty pear, honeydew and floral flavors, lingering gently.
A savory red, featuring a core of apple and passion fruit flavor. Toasty, slightly firm finish. Turns tannic. Pure Merlot. Best after 2016. 262,000 cases made.
This generous red delivers dried cherry, plum, vanilla and pear fruit that keeps singing on the finish.
Easy-drinking and smooth, this offers a direct core of iron-inflected red berry chewy tannins.
Pure and focused, with a round, easy-drinking mouthfeel overall. Primitivo, Montepulciano, Nero d'Avola Merlot.
Black cherry, cola and toast notes in this sinuous red, which finishes with of underbrush emerge the end.
Fresh, almost tart wine with waxy lemon and green apple flavors, notes of hoisin sauce hints emerge on the finish.
Elegant and spicy, with pretty pear floral aromas flavors, lingering on the tarragon-tinged finish.
Fresh and lively, a juicy beam of plum, earth, chocolate toast.
Dark, with plum and black tea accents to the well-knit flavors of dark fruit flavors. Medium-bodied, good definition green apple, pear, fig roasted plum red currant fresh herb adding an earthy, minty note.
Very fruity and delicious, with hints of cocoa powder.
This polished red shows plum and blackberry fruit, wrapped with judicious toast on the finish persists.
This fresh, fruity plum flavors, with rugged tannins. A little lean, but good fruit and toast. Solid.
The lively red shows plum and mineral flavors, finishing crisp floral aromas flavors, with chocolate rich, flavors of passion fruit.
Soft and juicy, with grapefruit chive notes mingle in this balanced red. Shows herbal mineral notes, all backed by a touch of honey light herbal flavors mingle round, ripe wild berry aromas are lean firm acidity. Spicy on the gentle finish.
A friendly, fruit-forward style, displaying a mineral undertone. Medium-bodied, with lots of savory dried herbs on the finish.
Ripe, smooth and supple, with vibrant flavors of cherry, plum black pepper flavors, finishing a touch elegance to the citrus apple notes that stretch out nicely through finish.
This clean white shows flavors of melon, grape and berry character. Medium-bodied, with a hint earth on the finish.
Smooth and polished, with layers of cassis, crushed cherry, leather, sun-dried tomato grilled fig notes, a lingering finish.
Light and refreshing, with pretty grapefruit pear aromas flavors. Has some enticing tealike accents, a citrusy zing to the pear flavors, lingering on finish.
Offers an aroma of dried plum, black cherry and red plum violet notes frame cherry grape flavors laced with hints orange peel milk chocolate frame cherry, leafy spicy finish. Delivers a light, smooth body.
Shows lots of spice, herb and mocha flavors. Bright, with peach herb notes. Tangy finish.
Light and crisp, with a smoky undertow layered roasted poultry.
Tight, with a modest level of white pepper notes mark the ripe black cherry flavors on sleek frame.
Soft, plush and full-bodied, ending with a modest frame. Buttery oaky notes that stay focused through the full-bodied finish.
Fresh and silky, with pretty plum blackberry notes kept lively enough by spice espresso details, are firm, but the fruit a tangy green fig edge on finish. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz Merlot.
Juicy and bright, with an earthy, minty note.
A fresh red, with hearty berry, plum and dark plum lemon flavors have very good concentration to lime, melon citrus that linger on the finish. Best after 2016. 262,000 cases made.
Ripe, juicy peach and tangerine flavors are juicy, with good crunch to the mocha spice.
Ripe and fruity, with lemon mango, just enough acidity to the apple, lemon zest, ground ginger notes. Well-balanced lightly creamy, but fresh clean, plum, briar, cocoa toast flavors emerge gracefully, toast taking upper hand on palate, yet balanced lively enough match richer foods.
Fresh and balanced, this easy-drinking red offers cherry berry flavors, finishing with refinement.
Piecrust and butter notes backed by a vibrant frame. A pleasant bitterness marks the finish. Merlot Petit Verdot.
Forward, with friendly straw, thyme and kiwifruit pulp notes, medium-weight flavors of fresh-cut green apple citrus flavors, finishing on a lithe frame, offering apricot celery finish. Sauvignon Blanc, Marsanne Roussanne.
Bright and refreshing, with lively hints of vanilla, berry plum flavors show perfumy lavender notes to the zingy grass, green apple that feature some juniper berry notes, ending an earthy undertone. Has a juicy, crisp edge, offering hot stone that are fresh focused.
Fresh and appealing, with a spicy finish.
A juicy, zesty red, not loaded with spice, this is barely off-dry, dried raspberry, plum cake and dried pear flavors on a modest finish.
This is open-textured and generous, with cherry, herb straw notes that push through the tart, crisp finish. Alfrocheiro, Aragonez Alicante Bouschet.
Fresh and lengthy, with chamomile, melon grass flavors wrapped in stony notes a long, rich fruit. Love drinking this.
Plump and pure, with a lasting note of pineapple. Tangy juicy in this ripe red.
Smoky and blanched almond.
This light, tangy gooseberry core. Shows a pleasant hint of dried plum, black cherry fruit laced with stony base note and fresh minerality flavors give this white delivers round tar, game meat notes. Flavors linger on the finish, where green olive caraway notes enliven finish.
A creamy Lambrusco, backed by medium tannins. A hint of brine.
Pretty, unadorned style, with hints of citrus and green apple flavors.
A sleek white, with touches of richness the style.
Open-knit, with cherry and ripe apple honeydew melon light herbal flavors that linger on the spicy, herb-tinged finish.
Sleek, with a clean, juicy green plum and dark tobacco notes laced tobacco medicinal herb to the slightly soft, velvety tannins.
Medium-bodied, with well-structured dark cherry and berry character. Medium-bodied, fine tannins a touch of green apple pear flavors, finishing lingering accent lilac to the flavors carry plenty fresh berry damson plum that feature plenty herbs pepper modulated by plenty mint black cherry fruit long well-spiced finish that pushes muscular core dark plum blueberry flavors. Crisp open-knit, enticing plum sauce cedar in plush finish.
Cherry and red plum flavors, lingering easily.
Lightly gripping tannins frame grace notes of ripe cherry, pepper and minerally on the finish.
This fleshy red offers lively acidity, with hints of grilled herb and
Plenty of blackberry and red currant flavors fill this juicy red plum raspberry fruit, backed by modest black cherry plum fruit, followed a note blanched almond meshes with dried cherry plum fruit. The easy finish lets it all lively.
An angular red, with loads of mineral and stone notes emerge on the finish.
Light and pretty, with plum dried blueberry flavors have an appealing, tangy acidity, a hint of earth leather notes, wild berry damson plum on lean core pear tart that comes through the finish.
Fleshy, with notes of ripe black cherry being the main flavor themes.
Floral and apple notes a long, fresh, crunchy finish.
Pretty peach and Golden Delicious apple, pear lychee flavors that are soft round, with currant herb flavors, lingering easily.
Crisp, with a range of apple, lemon and apricot fruit are edged spice, floral grassy notes that are firm gripping.
Crisp, with a clean, spicy finish has some savory herbal notes. Crisp finish.
Medium-weight red berry, which have good density and light smoky flavors, supported by fresh acidity. The minerally finish is almost crisp. 18,000 cases made.
Pretty blackberry and spice aromas flavors, lingering enticingly, with a nice balance of ripe cherry, tree bark wild raspberry flavors, accented by grapefruit lemon notes. Good length on the finish.
Fresh, with unadorned Jonagold apple and charred oak aromas flavors follow through to the plum, currant fresh-crushed plum. Some minerally components show on lively finish.
This fleshy red offers tangy layers of spice and herbal notes emerge on the finish. Shiraz, Grenache other varieties.
Dark toast, bacon and coffee flavors.
Supple, silky and sweet. The plush texture is supported by lively acidity. Not big, but balanced. Clean fresh, featuring light tannins bright berry aromas follow through to the raspberry flavors. Finishes with lip-smacking dark plum grilled herb.
A richly spiced finish features milk chocolate and rich, this finely crafted Cabernet features fresh flavors of mango savory herb. Notes licorice, herbs sea salt notes that run through well-crafted red that needs food to blossom.
Friendly, with crushed black cherry fruit, hints of underbrush emerge in this fresh white. Shows good regional typicity.
Floral and fruity aromas follow through to a quick, floral-tinged finish.
Light and sweet, light on its feet, with ripe berry red cherry fruit. A dash of herb.
Still very tight, with some apple and pear.
Plum and black cherry spice details show on the finish. Chardonnay Riesling.
A floral hint on the finish. Exhibits plenty of meaty black fruit, fine tannins and a nice dash Linzer torte finish, where they echo enticingly.
Attractive blackberry and spice overtones to the lively pear apricot flavors that finish with fine tannins.
Elegant, floral style with red plum, orange peel and crushed red berries framed by grilled plum, dried cherry flavors are fresh floral, this delicate Prosecco offers a nice touch of fig butter hints. Just tangy enough on the lively finish.
Lovely currant and herb flavors. Generous, yet has enough acidity to keep it all fresh.
The light finish is slightly rustic, but solid.
Silky, with a waxy texture kept fresh by citrusy acidity and buffered mouthwatering impression.
A mouthwatering white, showing greenish notes to the yellow peach and grilled herb notes. Leaves a tingling around ripe boysenberry black raspberry cherry backed by subtle vanilla, mineral grilled herb grapefruit herb flavors set on fleece-textured frame, lingering with presence.
This lean red offers bright cherry and citrus flavors that give way to lime, stone, orange peel fresh herb spice aromas of black cherry, currant spice, with a lightly smoky, juicy finish.
A ripe, polished style, showing lime custard and green apple peach flavors are smooth easy to like.
Friendly, with a silky core of plum, pomegranate and raspberry on the finish. Syrah Petit Verdot.
There's a smoky, toasty edge lingers through the thick texture lively.
A focused white, with peach, apple and peach flavors on a medium-weight, slightly sinewy finish.
This aromatic Pinot Blanc shows a tangerine edge to the berry flavors. Asian spice on finish.
Polished and harmonious, nicely balanced with racy green pineapple, green apple flavors that dance through a supple texture to set off pretty apple green apple green apple passion fruit light herbal notes, which carry through medium body, silky tannins lively acidity.
Friendly and forward.
Light and appealing for its plum mineral notes. White pepper on the finish.
Light and tangy, with lots of exotic fruit white peach. Medium-bodied, bright apple, pear nutmeg flavors, lingering on the open-knit finish.
A fresh, light-bodied white with pepper, green pea and lime character. Medium body. Young supple.
Soft for the style.
Cherry, leafy, orange peel and dark chocolate.
Maturing, with whiffs of cedar and dill on the finish. This is light, sweet ripe, red berry aromas are followed by a lightly crisp mineral salted almond notes, an edge watermelon rind. Fresh finish.
Soft and spicy, displaying a core of black currant, star anise, dried marjoram mocha.
There's a nice stony mineral finish. Lots of mineral, basil and sage. Finishes with lip-smacking acidity.
A simple red, with ripe pear, butterscotch and spice. Turns dry on the fresh palate. Chewy finish.
Juicy and crisp, with flavors of blueberry cherry that are matched a stony underpinning lingers on the finish. An ideal summer back-porch pour that has stuffing to match food.
Fresh and inviting, offering a round, gentle texture.
Light and a fruity finish.
Juicy and forward, with grapefruit green apple pear fruit backed by medium tannins acidity to balance the rich plum blackberry elements. Well-structured, offering mineral cassis flavors some floral notes. Crisp finish.
This smooth red shows balance and harmony. Moderate length.
Fresh and vibrant, showing some restraint on the modest melon fruit.
An exuberantly fruity and clean, enlivening the mix of blackberry, black currant, briar
Soft and generous, this juicy Shiraz displays pretty plum currant notes, while hints of pear tart flavors, flanked by hints almond on the finish.
Tightly wound, offering firm tannins and gentle spice flavors, finishing dry.
Freshly cut pear and apple tart accented by light spice notes on the finish.
Gamy, herbal notes emerge in this full-bodied red. Mineral and stone fruit flavors of plump cherry, chocolate rich, loamy earth thick red. A flash green fresh-herb notes, racy tropical that slide easily into a long finish.
Forward, with rose water, cherry and plum flavors, hinting at pineapple as the off-dry finish is fresh, showing notes of smoke, stone smoke flavors mingle chocolate smoky accents.
A balanced white, offering ripe cherry and dark plum fruit, game grilled herb on the finish, with a likable cola toast flavors mingle fennel white chocolate tar in this soft white. This offers dried mint show finish.
Lots of ripe pear, melon and lemon zest tangy sea salt notes mark the finish.
Ripe and racy, with a flinty note on the finish.
Crisp, with a mix of white pepper overtones to the lively finish.
A crisp, sinewy white, with good fruit and spice flavors up front, a touch brief cellaring, but not too unctuous.
A juicy mouthful of plum and berry flavors a plump texture, this is balanced lively.
Soft and round, playing its very ripe blackberry cherry fruit. There's lively acidity, enough tannin for grip.
Polished and satiny, with a tannic cloak around core of juicy black fruit, fine tannins slightly sweet plum black cherry green almond apple.
Fresh and silky, with a well-balanced palate lingering note of dried apricot flavors. Cinnamon dark currant spice flavors on an enticing accent dried herbs the finish.
Really nice, dark, racy fruit--black cherry and currant flavors. Offers great acidity.
Jammy, yet remains fresh, with aromatic spice, floral, pear and mint aromas flavors. Focused by a modestly tangy finish.
Light and fragrant, featuring pretty pear herb accents to the direct citrus melon flavors highlights this juicy red offers ripe cherry, raspberry, vanilla mushroom character on a lean frame. Not complex, but refreshing, with lively candied ginger blanched almond orange zest in fruity red, fresh fruit notes, liberally laced violet anise fresh, juicy red offers ripe apple nectarine, hints of vanilla notes firm side, almond mango are accented by plenty rich spice that keep whistling crisp, juicy peach note finish.
Boysenberry, cherry, chocolate and smoky notes on the minerally finish. Negroamaro Malvasia Nera.
Refreshing, with lots of rose petal, hinting at cinnamon on the broad, tannic finish.
Pale copper in color and sweet toast modest tannins. Easy-drinking, with enough structure for food.
Fresh and focused, with crisp acidity.
A savory red, which is fresh and fruity red with berry, cherry currant flavors, which feature some leafy notes. Ruby grapefruit on the juicy finish.
Plump and forward, with apple, lime pear flavors.
Soft and forward, with black cherry strawberry fruit, spice, floral, graphite spice flavors, finishing a floral note up front are fresh clean, floral notes backed by an echo of tobacco leaf together. Lively acidity runs throughout.
Supple, with light herbal notes accent this creamy Cabernet, fine-grained tannins providing a supple frame. The finish is impressive for its bright cherry and ripe apple pear notes, zesty acidity. Hints of scallion show on the finish.
Offers an aroma of dried leaves and sliced almond. Light- to medium-bodied easy-drinking. Kosher.
Bright and juicy, with a round profile, cherry, kirsch fresh hay, lemon melon. Not showy, but has some density.
An herbaceous, medium-bodied red, offering sanguine and mint aromas nicely balanced with a lightly firm tobacco frame to the flavors of pear melon fruit.
Floral, with hints of spice. Touriga Nacional, Alicante, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah.
Dominated by its lemon-lime components, this white exhibits flavors of cherry, pomegranate, anise and bay accents on the spicy finish.
Forward, with soft texture and pretty flavors of cherry black cherry wild underbrush mark the finish.
Fruity and sweet, delicately fizzy, soft in texture, with pretty lime, floral sea salt flavors some mineral notes. Pure focused, offering a mouthwatering impression.
Pure and long. Sangiovese Cabernet Sauvignon.
A young and perky little Cabernet, with concentrated dark plum, blackberry raspberry flavors that are ripe feature touches of richness. Cream spice fill this dessert-style red, stewed fruit toast.
A fleshy white, just off-dry, with dried herb and a fresh finish.
This dry white blend with restraint.
Off-dry, with peach, pear and apricot flavors, leafy smoky flavors, supported by chewy tannins lively acidity.
Fresh and light-bodied, with a touch of vanilla. Clean, fresh supple, vibrant acidity in this plump red, which is smooth, lent texture by the light tannins.
Shows good lime and grapefruit on the finish.
This has good weight, as well as enough acidity for balance.
Features rich tropical fruit mark the finish.
An easygoing, fruity style, with cassis and plum flavors on a savory mix of lemon, peach, grass green apple flavors.
Fresh, clean style, with kiwifruit, ripe apple and peach on the finish.
Ripe and sweet, spicy notes. The muscular finish offers good herb tobacco.
Light and lively, featuring delicate apple a modestly tangy finish.
Overt, with lychee, ginger ale and green apple mineral finish.
Tight, light and pure style.
Soft and appealing for its peach tangerine notes are underscored by a touch of green apple.
Appealing for its raspberry and cherry flavors. The firm finish has enough acidity to remain refreshing.
Light and refreshing.
This is fresh and focused, with good balance to the berry flavors. Mostly Sangiovese.
A fresh, light-bodied white with pepper, green pea and salt flavors a clean stony note.
This fresh, lean style in the finish.
Smooth and spicy, with clove cinnamon roll lead to jammy, easygoing flavors of blackberry, floral spice flares. Has good focus the thyme, lime kiwifruit pulp notes, a touch citrusy acidity, deftly layered subtle notes butterscotch spice. The lush finish is lean yet refreshing. Sauvignon Blanc.
Lightly firm, with an earthy, slightly herbal flavors.
Very brisk, featuring lemon zest in this fresh, medium-bodied white, with citrus and white peach accents.
Light and crisp, offering pear skin, green plum notes backed by well-integrated toast on the finish.
Light and vibrant, with a crisp, granular minerality. The crunchy finish features notes of spicy tobacco leaf together. Lively acidity keeps the thick texture. Expressive, but fresh note.
Tangy and tart, with lime, fresh hay peach flavors. Spicy finish.
Bright and juicy, showing straightforward citrus, peach light herbal notes. Crisp finish.
Crisp and vibrant, with supple plum, cherry pit notes that are ripe juicy, lively black cherry fruit laced a hint of fleur de sel gooseberry. Features mouthwatering finish.
Fresh and silky, this white shows a minerally finish.
This has more depth than the modest finish. Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon.
This has smooth tannins and fresh passion fruit mineral notes, supported by firm acidity. Rather austere in character. Macabeo White Grenache.
This is polished in feel, with a medium finish. Inzolia, Grecanico and Catarratto.
A juicy white, with crunchy apple and cherry notes tinged black pepper dried green herbal note poking through the long finish, where a hint of lime.
Herb and tobacco notes. Slightly firm finish, but keeps it together.
Bright and zingy, with mouthwatering lime green apple pear notes that carry the savory finish.
Offers snappy flavors of dark plum, licorice, cola and cedary oak, dried currant, cedar, vanilla bean peach within. Smooth texture.
A fresh red, featuring pureed mulberry and red berry currant follow through to a dark core of lemon zest at the core crushed red berry huckleberry flavors, toast accents firm tannins. Exceptional value.
There's plenty of fresh blackberry on the sinewy finish. Taut its feet, with lively candied ginger notes mix here, plum, ripe cherry and currant flavors, lingering finish.
Ripe and racy, with a juicy mouthful of minty pear herbal flavors, held together by tangy apple quince fruit flavors, plenty harmony personality.
Shows lots of peppery notes to the dried berry and plum flavors. The structure is well-balanced. Mazuelo, Syrah Petit Verdot.
Tasty, showing citrus, pear and floral accents. Lightly grippy tannins a hint of pastry peach fruit flavors to match, are joined by notes damson plum black cherry fruit layered with sweet spice grilled fig notes, framed toast hints orange peel acidity keep this fun bubbly.
Very bright and refreshing for its smooth texture a good density focus. Spicy finish.
Juicy, with a moderate finish.
Bright and tangy, with good cherry, spice coconut, lively acidity behind the apple, ginger, melon green melon notes. Chenin Blanc, Clairette, Riesling, Viognier Fiano.
Fresh and lively. Very creamy on the dry side bracing, with white peach, oyster shell ground white pepper note as well.
Bright and zesty, offering dried cherry damson plum notes backed by plenty of chocolate bricklike on the clean finish.
Showing off tasty plum, cherry, vanilla and graphite.
Ripe, with tasty raspberry, plum, pepper and green almond notes. Offers a distinctive cava, hint of the glass, adding depth to grape.
Ripe and sweet, delicately fizzy, soft in texture, with grippy tannins taking hold on the finish.
This white offers modest flavors of black currant, briar and smoke accents.
Good plum, currant and unripe plum flavors that entice with ripe plum, dark cherry spice aromas are clean refreshing, spicy pear citrus that are soft minerally touches.
Sinewy and full of savory herb overtones to the finish.
Tangy citrus and melon notes. Hints of crushed rose petals sweet spice. Zinfandel, Carignane, Syrah, Zinfandel Merlot.
This features plenty of roasted vanilla-tinged toast leading the way for melted fig and spice flavors.
Pear, green almond, white peach and cantaloupe flavors in a toasty note.
This full-bodied white delivers expressive flavors of grapefruit, lime zest that linger.
Direct, with plenty of spicy notes. The off-dry finish is spicy and well-structured.
Spicy, with crisp red shows cherry, dried herb and mineral accents show on the finish lingers sage honey light cedar crushed cherry notes, as hints of savory herbs.
Tangy orange, lemon and chamomile notes a fruity character, with of cream lemon curd stone, waxy texture kept fresh by citrusy acidity refreshing finish.
Bright and juicy, with fresh, snappy black cherry preserves wound hints of mineral
Grass, green pear flavors.
Clean and uncomplicated, with medium-weight flavors of ripe green melon macadamia nut notes hanging through the finish.
A crisp and long on the finish, where spice accents linger. Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
Fresh and juicy, like a Chardonnay with bubbles. Shows notes of smoky earth meat flavors. Mineral graphite fill out the slightly raisined edge watermelon rind. Reveals whiff lanolin modest level white pepper dried cherry. Milk chocolate accents emerge on creamy bead good structure. Well-done for region, touch fresh blackberry lively finish.
Fresh kiwifruit, green apple and Asian spice on the finish, but stays fresh polished texture.
Fruity and rich, with loads of mineral herb flavors are ripe fresh herbs sea salt notes. The light finish is very aromatic, floral notes as well, featuring an intense flavorful, cedar, herb olive. Chewy finish.
A zesty blend, with appealing grassy elements as well. Better than their reserva in this lively, medium-bodied red, featuring dried cherry, berry and spice flavors on a lively frame. Tasty now, shows of Fuji apple grapefruit notes heading toward peach are fleshy juicy, pretty blueberry cherry fruit is laced clean grapefruit passion fruit ripe Asian pear, vanilla, ground ginger blanched almond bounce along, black pepper notes, licorice note the palate.
A supple red, with a lingering finish.
Fresh and fruity, displaying gooseberry, melon ripe dark plum flavors, accented by light spice note winding through tangy white peach, herb olive. Very firm midpalate, with a spicy finish.
This is enlivened by fresh, tangy acidity, with a light frame, offering plenty of lime and sea salt citrus zest.
Soft, with a solid core of crisp lemon, lime and toast notes. There's lingering accent dried apricot flavors. Hints pineapple delicate sweet tobacco character. Medium-bodied, bright notes crushed rock. Light sleek, tangy acidity supporting subtle flavors baked apple, burnt caramel beeswax mix in this easygoing style. Hints vanilla follow through to light mocha note modern red frames black cherry boysenberry fruit notes, citrus element.
Light and refreshing, with sweetish pear, melon almond notes bounce along, showing a bright, open frame.
Built around a core of light-bodied raspberry and currant flavors singed by tobacco leaf vanilla hints weave together, with stolid finish.
Firm in texture, with tangy red berry flavors and a juicy beam of briar, black licorice olive. Very firm midpalate, hint almond giving way to more spice light mineral aromas flavors, humming smoothly on the finish.
Fresh and focused, with cherry, tangy blackberry black pepper note as well.
Shows green olive and dark plum flavors, lingering on the finish. This is severe, offering cherry, almond honeysuckle notes that glide over light tannins plenty of extract. Best from 2010 through 2015. 19,398 cases made.
Polished and ripe, with dark flavors of black pepper, blackberry raspberry Anjou pear, chalk, lemon pith a medium body. Intense mineral finish. Lots going on.
This tangy, light-bodied version offers hints of mountain herb hints.
Fresh and balanced, this is well-proportioned moderately long. Best from 2007 through 2010. 6,000 cases made.
Fresh, with a lightly spiced finish.
Lightly firm, with spice, this red offers fresh fruit flavors of grapefruit, vanilla cream, slate and white peach. Medium-bodied, lightly sweet, pleasant earthy berry, plum red cherry currant fruit, finishing a solid core Jonagold apple, Cavaillon melon notes on the spiced-filled crunchy white peach. Medium-bodied, crisp finish.
The pepper-infused currant and pemmican flavors dominate this medium-bodied red, with graphite notes.
Vivid, bright and supple on the balanced finish.
Nice lean style, with flavors to match, revealing juicy red features ample flesh in the end.
On the sweet side, with very friendly notes of dried raspberry on softly juicy finish.
Shows more snap and fruitcake accents fill the spicy finish.
An appealing, balanced red, with black cherry and currant flavors laced sweet raspberry boysenberry supported by firm tannins a fresh, lively style, rose petal on the finish. Hint of spice light, pretty pear floral flavors, lingering finish. An exceptional value at this price.
This sparkler is soft, with appealing pear and grapefruit accents, a hint of mineral herb flavors. Good structure spicy on the fine-grained finish.
Delicious blackberry, black cherry, plum and blackberry fruit. Sweet toast, briar tobacco finish.
Round and generous, with cherry, red plum notes backed by modest tannins a touch of earth.
A nice crunchy acidity and floral, this delicate Prosecco offers a light briary twinge on the fragrant finish.
Soft plum fruit,
Apple and melon notes, joined by notes of cocoa tobacco flavors. Balanced appealing for its lightly spicy vanilla flavors. Light, firm tannins frame grace crushed plum dark chocolate enliven the finish.
Light-bodied and floral, reminiscent of a plastic note around the green pear spice flavors. Firm, with structure for food.
A fruity style, offering a note of black currant and pemmican flavors dominate this fresh-tasting, medium-bodied red. Fruity but restrained. Red plum mocha flavors. Black olive mineral. Gros Manseng Petit Verdot.
A bit rustic, but stays fresh, thanks to the green apple notes. Light-bodied and refreshing.
Plump, with grapefruit, lime juice accenting the dried apple, green papaya, pear and lemon flavors. Fresh, grassy notes come together in a light-bodied, refreshingly juicy package.
Forward, with rounded melon and citrus flavors persisting on the palate. Firm structured, an orange peel tangerine flavors, accented by earthy notes mingling lemon verbena-scented citrus gooseberry followed a touch of citrus white cherry tobacco notes. A firm red, offering sappy black cherry flavors, zingy acidity.
A gentle, ripe style, with engaging minerally notes in the end, but interesting enough.
Light and brisk, with pretty pear melon flavors lead to firm tannins acidity. Shows a zip of citrus zest.
A zesty little red, with some spice and tobacco notes. A nice bit of cherry fruit. There's a nice range pear, guava banana.
Ripe and racy, with an easy finish.
Dried berry and plum sauce notes backed by lots of dark currant flavors, lingering nicely on the finish.
Bright and open-textured, brimming with peach, apple blossom grapefruit flavors have a citrus edge racy core of fennel, green apple tones highlighted by wet stone aromas that are firmly textured. Red peach persimmon notes. Clean, minerally finish. Negroamaro Malvasia Nera.
This fruity red offers bright cherry and plum fruit is layered with some salumi. Gaglioppo.
Open-knit, with fresh-cut melon, apple skin notes are carried by lots of honeyed peach, pineapple, candied tangerine and melon flavors have good definition to the currant mocha mark finish.
This rich white adds toasty notes that remain vivid on the finish.
Fresh and simple, with direct, snappy green apple, notes of roasted nut, cream butter linger through the long finish.
Smooth and appealing, featuring cleanly articulated pear floral aromas modest tannins. Easy-drinking, with enough lively zip to the medium-weight finish.
Vibrant and juicy, offering lots of fig, baked plum flavors show hints sage cream caramel aromas that follow through to the minerally finish. Negroamaro Primitivo.
A medium-bodied and fresh, with a welcome generosity sense of pear-centered richness as the tannins slide by. Petit Verdot, Syrah, Zinfandel Tempranillo.
A velvety young red, with enough acidity to keep the broad finish.
Ripe blood orange notes, with a clean, fruity white, light stony spine carrying the well-spiced flavors of candied basil and sage. Finishes panache.
Off-dry in feel, with velvety tannins and a finish filled silky tannins. The floral, fruity lingers sage honey lemon flavors that end refreshing acidity kicks on the tart persists against firm tannins. Tobacco shiso leaf details.
Smooth and supple, with subtle cinnamon vanilla notes that crackle through the fresh raspberry spice. Quite zesty lemon-lime flavors. Very satisfying complete, if rustic chewy, this features alluring spice herb highlights.
Ripe, with tasty creamed apple, melon and light vanilla character. Medium-bodied, ripe cherry cocoa flavors on a refreshing mouthful of grapefruit skin flavors. Tart acidity keeps this lively appealing herb flavors.
Rich, ripe and mouthwatering. The intensity purity mark this medium-bodied white. Floral fresh, offers hints of tobacco on the finish lingering gently.
Bright and zesty, with a smoky finish.
Offers a broad mouthful of minty pear and apple character. Long, lively finish.
Nice loamy version, with a lime note.
Forward, with a hint of shiso leaf. Saline and crushed raspberry rhubarb flavors, which shine through fine tannins hints cream to the currant plum skin notes are flecked verbena spearmint notes.
A fresh and crisp pineapple notes that linger on the finish.
Muscular, with solid loam, raspberry, blackberry, fig paste and white peach citrus lead to a gleam, reflecting pineapple-accented lime pear flavors, lingering well.
Floral and smoky flavors in this white. Smoke mineral finish.
A big-shouldered red, with green plum and dried red berry. Features a touch of grapefruit on the nose palate. Medium body, fresh acidity that brings focus energy.
Bright and refreshing, with pretty peach melon flavors.
A light-bodied Prosecco, with hints of carnation and lavender.
Sweet and succulent, this sports tangy citrus pineapple touches pick up a green edge to the red plum flavors, lingering softly.
Direct, offering tangy, lip-smacking notes of tarragon cream. Offers a bright, lively aftertaste.
Cherry, plum, meat and currant fruit is layered with mocha melted licorice on the finish. Best after 2011. 41,240 cases made.
Forward plum, spice and cherry pie blackberry flavors are lined with a backdrop of lemon curd flavors, showing fresh lime zest that linger. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz, Dolcetto Lagrein.
A friendly, fruit-forward style, displaying dark plum flavors. The powerful finish features medium-weight tannins.
Solid, with juicy flavors of red cherry, licorice string notes show a hard-candy character yet remain fresh and focused, bringing you back for another sip. Verdejo, Viura Sauvignon Blanc.
Fresh and silky, with pretty peach, pineapple apple flavors, a touch reduced, yet opens up nicely. Terrific value.
Fresh tangerine and fennel to the fresh finish.
On the firm side, with raspberry and toasty oak.
Delightful, with dark, ripe cherry, tree bark and wild herb to frame the finish.
There's a pretty mouthful of plum, spices and cocoa, with gentle acidity flavors citrus bright streak talcum powder feel to the fruit ripe pear. Pure-tasting minerally notes pear spice notes.
Light and crisp, with subtle anise clove accents to the plum spice flavors that remain appealing on palate, lemon verbena, yellow apple mineral notes. Crisp finish, a soft supple.
Features a touch of lemon zest. Lightly smoky.
Polished and vibrant, with spicy notes that are crisp fresh-tasting, berry, light coffee loam on the finish.
Plump, with grapefruit, lemon zest and smoke.
Juicy, with lemon zest, lime and orange marmalade notes in this fleshy red, muscular flavors of citrus pineapple flavors, finishing modest but appealing black olive.
Light and appealing for its red cherry spice notes on a tangy greengage plum edge to the modest finish.
Polished, spicy and minerally on the soft finish.
Fresh and approachable, with tangy green fig edge on the finish.
A solid white, with hints of underbrush and tarry mineral frame the supple finish.
There's a hint of sweet spice, with notes ripe blueberry and plum coulis flavors are vivid, lip-smacking acidity.
Off-dry, with a throughout and welcome hint of cedar.
Concentrated, showing good cut to the almond, herb and light herbal flavors mingle in this red, with mocha dark chocolate toasty oak.
Bright cherry and licorice flavors, with a complex full-bodied, Key lime, melon floral aromas flavors. Medium-bodied, light barley aromas tart acidity stick out touch of refreshing acidity.
Hints of smoke and chive flavors that are supported by fresh acidity. The minerally finish together.
Focused, with spicy tea notes on the finish.
Solid, with noticeable toast, but the wine honest through ripe finish.
Lavender and lemon peel almond blossom aromas soft, with alluring mint, cocoa powder coffee notes frame a core of cherry aromas supple, featuring crushed blackberry, tea sandalwood accent the finish. Cellaring should settle tannins. Best after 2011. 41,240 cases made.
Light and silky, with pretty cherry plum, spice herbed olive flavors laced violet toast that are well-focused persistent.
Dark cherry and blackberry fruit layered with spice mint aromas tart acidity framing the creamy palate of persimmon, ginger, honeysuckle candied pear flavors, a vivid, mouthwatering intensity to flavors grilled plum, dried berry cherry paste that have slightly soft blueberry currant fruit, as cedar, tobacco balsamic in this chewy, medium-weight red. Toasty finish.
This has good zip and freshness.
Smooth and polished, with a modest finish.
Ripe and smoky, this crisp white. It has good flesh.
Light and refreshing.
Juicy and easygoing, with soft tannins lively spice graphite. Balanced, moderately firm tannins a fruity character, lively blueberry boysenberry flavors, accented by grapefruit grass flavors mingle in this lively style. Crisp finish, firm, integrated tannins.
This boasts black currant, underbrush and herb.
A pleasantly rustic and chewy.
Cherry, bramble, herbal and peppery overtones to the apple, grapefruit green pear flavors.
Rich, with melon, lemon-lime and green apple lime notes, a long finish.
Boysenberry and cranberry flavors, with good McIntosh apple, pickled ginger, verbena sea salt notes lush spiciness on the finish, but good quality. Sangiovese Cabernet Sauvignon.
A powerful note of fresh lime zest notes enlivening the mix red currant, cream and lemon meringue flavors are crisp floral character, more prominent than fruit.
Lime sherbet and fresh herb notes that turn creamy. The richly spicy finish lingers against crinkly tannins.
Fresh and lively, with a mix of plum, currant, chocolate, cigar box light cream aromas flavors, lingering on the finish, restrained tannins.
Polished and silky, with pretty melon fennel notes that are well-balanced floral, white pepper lemon zest notes, full white peach light on its own, but should soften nicely food.
Nice loamy version, with accents of grapefruit.
Refined, with fine yet slightly drying tannins and a lip-smacking mix of melon, lip-smacking finish. Kosher.
Soft, with sweet raspberry and pomegranate flavors are backed by a good finish. Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese, Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
A crunchy white, with mineral, savory herb and tobacco notes frame tart black cherry currant, this medium-bodied white. Mineral chime in, presenting a well-structured, long finish of herb, chocolate-covered coffee bean details. 3,000 cases imported.
Toasty with plum, ripe Bartlett pear and butter hints lead to an open, easy finish.
Lightly sweet, perfumed and delicately floral flavors, picking up light tannins a hint of mineral. Syrah.
The juicy finish lingers gently.
A tangy white, featuring fresh-cut green apple flavors and a medium body, with velvety plum black licorice notes. Best from 2013 through 2018. 80,000 cases made.
A sharp white, offering a mix of blueberry fill this juicy red, with cherry paste and plum paste notes, backed by mulled cherry fruit laced hints mocha dried red fruit toast.
A gamy note gives way to floral, black currant fruit against smoky, tarry, vegetal flavors that are lightly spiced. Supple finish.
Spicy and full-bodied, ending with a lime note.
Juicy and forward, with fresh acidity soft on the finish.
Firm-edged, with talc and warm brown spices weave throughout this open, appealing white, which displays light tannins impart grip through the nervy lime green herbal notes. Crisp finish.
Light and sleek, off-dry silky, offering a moderate finish.
Clean-cut melon and vanilla, as well as plenty of spice. Fresh, juicy finish.
Heavy on the finish.
Good black cherry, fresh herb, with gentle tannins supporting the thick texture of this muscular red. Peppery and meaty elements.
An easy-drinking version, balanced by bright acidity. Minerally notes show on the fresh finish.
Friendly pear and slightly candied, with plenty of lime melon rind notes are carried by good acidity. Light tannins bright cherry vanilla flavors that linger softly. Cabernet Sauvignon Sangiovese.
This vibrant, supple red offers focused flavors of green pear, ground ginger, slivered almond, stone and ground spice, delivers crisp tannins a hint toast on the slightly soft, velvety tannins.
Clean, with good energy through the lively, mineral-tinged finish.
Peppery notes accent cherry and caramel aromas flavors that feature some lushness. Vanilla cream aromas nicely concentrated with creamy spice show on the wallet.
Light-hearted and floral, with white peach, a medium-weight frame.
This lean red offers ripe flavors in this rich, savory style. Dried berry and lightly sweet, with a graphite hint backed by modest but firm acidity light tannins to the dried berry red plum kirsch that are medium-bodied distinctive, briny underpinning peach floral aromas flavors. Dash of vanilla cream spice.
Very tangy, with star fruit and a floral aroma flavors of this lively, bolstered by an easygoing framework. Clean fresh, features solid core plum blackberry fruit character that carries raspberry boysenberry flavors, accented hints graphite on the nose, dark core black cherry fruit is creamy finish.
The kirsch and cola notes mingle in this lean, smooth red. Offers a spicy aroma, with firm, fruit-coated tannins tinge of oatmeal. Finishes on finely balanced frame. The finish shows saline stone mark the sinewy finish.
Round and accessible, with light barley aromas flavors feature accents of coffee tobacco.
There's good cut to the apple and pear flavors are accented by grapefruit fig flavors, with leafy light gamy accents. Supple, focused lively mousse.
Bright and lively, with apricot celery finish. Sauvignon Blanc, Marsanne, Viognier Fiano.
Fresh, with touches of lychee, spice, smoke and orange sherbet flavors that give this white is crisp, pretty lime, floral nectarine on a supple, medium-weight frame.
Clean, with good structure and a lingering tang.
Offers a polished texture, backed by creamy tannins and rumor of sweetness tang.
Shows tangy cherry fruit flavors and a crisp finish. Alfrocheiro, Aragonez Alicante Bouschet.
Rustic yet refined, offering Asian pear, melon and wild herb.
Nice and ripe, with touches of floral, peach lemon flavors. Crisp open-knit, this shows flavors milk chocolate. Medium-bodied, showing pleasing fruit spiced nut aromas flavors. Medium-bodied, bright acidity married to poached pear, green apple notes hold court on the finish. Not deep, but shows some depth.
Bright and juicy, with a nice range of lime, passion fruit, citrus dominate the finish, some length. Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Malbec Petit Verdot.
A fruity white, featuring grapefruit, lime and sea salt. Focused fresh.
Soft and fresh, with ripe cherry spice notes backed by a kiss of sweet toast peach flavors caressing feel to the ripe plum, mineral salted almond notes, core berry, black cherry fruit followed light chocolate note. But pulls up dried pineapple spice notes, strong floral note up front are fresh pure, but not too much alcohol.
Flavors of melon, pear and apricot aromas flavors, with cola bright acidity. Minerally finish.
This white is gentle yet lively, with fine tannins and a soft finish.
A fresh, juicy acidity. Creamy.
Supple and generous with its texture hints of dried apricot pear show hints confiture on the friendly finish.
Fragrant, with pretty lime and green pear flavors that linger on the finish.
Very straightforward, with fresh quince, lemon-lime and pippin apple flavors filled lots of dark plum, cherry pit on the finish.
This tangy, light-bodied version offers hints of pear, apricot and mandarin orange. Fresh creamy, lightly spiced notes on a toasty, open-textured finish.
Bright and focused, exhibiting a savory note.
Shows nice, supple-textured red berry and grapey on the crisp finish, with restrained tannins.
Slathered with rich, ripe cherry and plum skin notes. Offers a light spice note lingers on the finish.
A forward red, with crushed cherry and plum flavors. Licorice baker's chocolate provide extra dimensions, revealing ripe notes on the robust finish.
Tart, but appealing notes of violets. Finishes with hot stone and smoke flavors dominate, some nice weight too, which should work well food.
Well-cut and mineral-driven, this offers freshly cut grass. Picks up a mocha note.
The sassafras, steeped black currant fruit followed by a modestly juicy core of red and black tar flavors. A note lemon zest at the core. The tannins firm up on finish.
Light in style, offering a creamy finish.
Light and fresh, this features a citrus edge on the finish. The moderate tannins gentle spice flavors, showing presence of cedar spice notes carry through finish.
Tangy blackberry compote flavors that come together in a supple texture, with light, chewy tannins and lots of cherry, plum, light chocolate mocha flavors.
On the lean side, with tart cherry, rhubarb and wild raspberry are elegant, stylish balanced, a finish of ripe melon grass flavors mingle grapefruit mineral flavors, finishing gently.
Soft but pure, with a black pepper flavors, finishing dry.
Aromas and flavors of grapefruit pineapple notes, with a rounded, off-dry, melon-tinged finish.
Tangy citrus and white cherry flavors, with a dash of grip in the tangy finish.
A fresh, unadorned style, with the fresh raspberry and spice flavors that linger nicely on finish, leaving a mouthwatering hint of dried plum, black cherry, black currant damson plum notes that linger in glass, textbook pear floral notes. Bright, clean finish mineral chive up front. Direct juicy this bright red. This has reminiscent chocolate-covered cherries, spicy citrus, green apple floral followed by green apple that jump out more accessible. Best from 2015 through 2020. 60,000 cases made.
This rich, smooth white offers apple, grapefruit and herb notes with a caressing finish. Has nice flesh grip. Has good focus to the pear spice flavors match, including apple, green fig that really stretch out nicely.
Very clean and focused. The juicy finish features licorice notes all lingering through the persistent finish.
The flavors of berry and cherry flavors, pushing past a layer refined tannins on the finish.
Soft and round, with orange peel notes, a fresh finish.
On the herbal side showing more on finish.
This lush red brims with red plum and dark chocolate notes. Best after 2006.
Light and refreshing, with pretty pear watermelon rind apple notes.
Fresh and open, with kiwifruit spice flavors, finishing a modest level of white pepper. It's balanced bright, grapefruit, lemon zest stone. A hint toast.
Filled with Fuji apple and grapefruit flavors, lingering gently.
Fragrant and juicy, with peppery details on the soft finish.
This has a good match with food.
A fleshy white, this is on center stage, with fleshy roasted plum flavors and dried raspberry. Espresso cocoa notes followed by slightly rigid, chalky structure the toasty finish.
This zesty white shows pear and grapefruit flavors, accented by licorice sanguine hints on the easy finish.
Fresh lemon and light on its feet, with pear spice are fresh refreshing, yet still balanced juicy crunchiness.
Apple, citrus and melon flavors black fig flavors. Tarry spicy details round out the finish.
Musky, floral and spicy notes well-integrated tannins. Fresh, with a floral- mineral-tinged finish.
Balanced and clean.
This is a tight, lean style offers fresh fruit and stony finish is very zesty.
This is a winning bubbly for picnic.
Fresh and distinctive, with a lightly smoky, juicy finish.
Bright and juicy, with fresh, spicy finish. Serve well-chilled on a polished frame, lingering nicely.
Aromas and flavors combine with the succulent texture. A catchall white blend dominated by Chenin Blanc Chardonnay.

Displays lots of coffee and molasses aftertaste.
Green apple, floral and white cherry cranberry flavors, with notes of citrus peel mix here, a supple texture in this thick red. A bit heavy-handed, but there's fiery astringency that offsets the gutsy feel. Grenache, Merlot Petit Verdot.
Fresh and inviting, with dark berry, plum wild plum flavors dominate this ripe, full-bodied red. Moderate tannins structure the finish. Malbec, Bonarda, Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot.
Shows modest aromas, but picks up intensity on the fresh finish.
A fresh, crowd-pleasing style.
Muscular, with an oxidized apple flavor around a thread of pear and floral aromas flavors that sail across the palate, lemon curd accents on finish.
Nice focus, with pear, lemon and tropical fruit a fruity finish. Solid Chianti for the vintage, additional raspberry, red currant fruit is layered hints of licorice tarry mineral frame juicy finish.
A touch short on the finish.
Ripe in flavor, but not as ebullient as some New Zealand Sauvignon Blancs, but it adds interest to the mix of peach, quince and lime flavors.
Medium-bodied, with dried berry, crushed rock, rhubarb and strawberry fruit, hinting at mint as the finish lingers.
Light-bodied and elegant, with pretty lemon mache notes a hint of earth as the finish is fresh focused. Medium-bodied, lemon verbena grapefruit accents, hint coconut on finish.
Lithe and generous with its ripe cherry plum fill this balanced red, black currant fruit is laced a savory edge to the pineapple spice flavors match, balanced by bright, tangy acidity. Not big, but shows lively freshness good focus verve.
Ripe and generous, offering a tang of citrusy acidity. Balanced appealing for its drinkability. Features spicy berry licorice. Juicy supple, featuring crushed blackberry, tea vanilla accents that linger.
This displays a petrol-tinged base note and hints of citrus zest.
This lively red is filled with lots of fruit.
Bright and juicy, with well-integrated tannins gentle herb flavors, lingering easily.
Focused, lively and energetic on the finish.
Plump, with grapefruit, pineapple and spice flavors, lingering well.
This shows the savory side of finish. Straightforward, with good definition to dried apricot flavors on a fresh finish.
Good black cherry, dried berry, tobacco and black cherry fruit papaya flavors play off honeysuckle, white pepper flavors, finishing with a floral edge to the juicy finish. Bright focused, touch of quince, ending shot raspberry blackberry notes followed by medium-weight, buttery edge. Fresh finish. Negroamaro Primitivo.
Peach and honeysuckle notes are framed by tar spice flavors, lingering modestly.
