BEGIN NOW Soft and moderately sweet, with pretty pear and apricot flavors on a polished frame, hinting at cinnamon on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Taut and focused, with tightly packed black cherry and savory spice notes, finishing long and harmoniously against nubby tannins. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese, Petit Verdot, Syrah, Zinfandel and Tempranillo. END
BEGIN NOW The cassis and blackberry flavors are crisp and fresh this light-bodied red. Herb and floral details chime in on the lightly grippy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This fruity red offers ripe black cherry and boysenberry flavors, with accents of licorice, fresh herbs and vanilla. Features light, firm tannins and crisp acidity. Fresh and lively. END
BEGIN NOW The gentle dark plum and black cherry flavors are laced with a savory hint and backed by an echo of singed cedar. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and tangy, with a savory edge to the lively peach and lime flavors, finishing dry. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and vibrant, with juicy currant and raspberry flavors that glide over silky tannins into a focused and lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, with rhubarb and strawberry notes adorning the lively balance. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, ripe and rich, with blackberry, plum and coffee flavors, hinting at pepper as the finish plays against polished tannins. END
BEGIN NOW This lively white offers bright flavors of peach, tangerine and blanched almond, with lively acidity and a fruity finish. A fresh, fruit-forward style. END
BEGIN NOW Light and soft, with pretty pear and floral flavors on a delicate frame. END
BEGIN NOW An exuberantly fruity and crisp white, with peach, savory herbal and lemongrass notes accented by dried tropical fruit flavors. The crunchy finish has touches of lanolin. Malvasia Fina, Bical and Encruzado. END
BEGIN NOW Shows a strong smoky edge, with dried sage and bay notes woven into the core of steeped black currant and warm fig fruit. The smoky element holds firm through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and focused, with a veil of fine tannins around a plush core of blackberry, currant and green peppercorn flavors, lingering on the expressive finish. Best from 2018 through 2021. 9,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with herb-tinged peach and citrus notes backed by a light wet straw edge through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, sleek and expressive, with pear, clotted cream and subtle green pineapple notes. The finish lingers easily. END
BEGIN NOW This red has a broad, soft texture, with cherry and plum flavors and woodsy underbrush notes. Gentle, but stays fresh. END
BEGIN NOW Laced with ground anise and clove notes, this exuberant, juicy red marries a tarry underpinning to flavors of licorice, sappy black cherry and orange peel. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry pie and strawberry jam flavors are bright in this straightforward, fruity red. Firms up, with a pleasantly astringent finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and bright, with pretty pear and floral flavors on a sleek frame. END
BEGIN NOW This is light-bodied and bright, with an easy-drinking mix of blackberry, licorice snap, orange zest and smoke. Offers a subtle, lightly herbed finish. END
BEGIN NOW This offers ripe apple and pear flavors on a modest frame. Buttery and oaky notes dominate the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with dried berry and roasted plum flavors accented by notes of dried green herb. Dusty details emerge on the ripe finish. END
BEGIN NOW The juicy pear and citrus flavors are subtle, with a whiff of lanolin and a smooth body. END
BEGIN NOW Pear and apple flavors mingle with fresh herb and light almond flavors in this round white, with enough acidity to stay fresh. Verdejo, Viura and Sauvignon Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW This is lightly spiced and creamy, with bright acidity married to poached pear, green almond, melon and lemon zest notes. Balanced and accessible. END
BEGIN NOW Notes of charred meat accent the roasted plum and dried cherry flavors in this brooding version. Cigar box and slate details show on the tannic finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, floral, leafy notes frame the crisp citrus and apple flavors, with a touch of peach on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and open, with yellow apple, ginger and white peach flavors backed by just enough zip on the shortbread-kissed finish. END
BEGIN NOW A touch firm, framed by a good dose of cocoa-accented toast, but the core of blackberry and blueberry fruit has enough flesh to match. Ends with a tobacco note. END
BEGIN NOW Very high-pitched, with talc and verbena notes leading the way for a light, tangy gooseberry core. Shows a zip of citrus through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This creamy red is fresh and supple, with subtle notes of smoky bacon fat wafting through flavors of plumped black cherry, dried apricot, cinnamon and dried thyme. Nero d'Avola and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Light smoky notes accent the ripe black cherry fruit and dark chocolate flavors in this smooth, dense red. Sweet-tart acidity keeps this lively. END
BEGIN NOW Solid, with a core of crushed plum and blackberry fruit draped in a toasty vanilla note, giving way to light cedar and coffee hints on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fragrant, with a lip-smacking mix of green apple and lime flavors. Crisp acidity and peach blossom notes emerge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows slate notes to the flavors of damson plum and dried cherry. Milk chocolate accents emerge on the spicy, supple finish. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp white, with melon, citrus and green apple flavors matched to hints of cream and spice. Minty accents show on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, with a blast of cocoa and melted black licorice holding sway over the crushed plum and blackberry jam notes. A bit obvious in style. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and tangy, with lemon, grapefruit and quince flavors on a lively frame, finishing with zip. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy lemon pulp and gooseberry notes are flecked with verbena accents through the finish. Sauvignon Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and focused, with cherry, tangy blackberry and red licorice notes, backed by crisp acidity and violet details. Mineral-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied peach and verbena notes mingle with a flicker of herb through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry, leafy and chocolate flavors mingle in this round red. Gentle tannins and lively acidity lend grip. Straightforward, but shows some depth. END
BEGIN NOW Firm acidity provides a backbone to the currant, plum and wild blackberry flavors, with ample savory spice, forest floor and mineral accents, in this full-bodied red. Moderate tannins structure the finish. Cabernet Franc. END
BEGIN NOW The Meyer lemon, melon and peach flavors are fleshy and juicy, with accents of lime zest that linger. END
BEGIN NOW This light, fresh red offers snappy flavors of black cherry, licorice and orange peel, with leafy and smoky accents. Features light tannins and tangy acidity. Not big, but has energy. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, unadorned style, with a beam of yellow apple and honeysuckle notes, backed by a lightly juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Flavors of dried mango and apricot fruit are edged with spice, smoke and chive accents in this medium-bodied white. Mineral notes chime in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and tangy, with a fleur de sel note streaking through the mix of straw, white peach and verbena flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Shows lots of pretty rose petal notes to the burnished flavors of cherry tart, plum paste and boysenberry. Creamy accents fill the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and tangy, with lemony apple and spice flavors on a simple, dry frame. END
BEGIN NOW Herb and grassy accents lend a freshness to the citrus and pear flavors in this crisp, light version. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly cherry and cassis notes are carried by a lightly singed juniper hint. Pretty lavender and tobacco accents emerge through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A bright, unadorned style, with green almond and pear notes that breeze along, gilded with a verbena accent on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A crunchy white, with white pepper and herbal notes to the citrus and green apple flavors. Creamy nuances lend focus on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW The white peach, lemon and almond notes show a creamy undertone, with plenty of chive and white pepper accents. Lively acidity binds the floral, minerally finish together. END
BEGIN NOW The raspberry and plum fruit is lightly mulled, accented by gentle cinnamon and licorice notes. Offers a juicy, open finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows lots of green pepper and savory herb notes to the ripe citrus flavors. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-weight, with pretty cherry and mulberry flavors playing against firm, fine tannins, finishing with persistence. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Malbec. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy blackberry compote and cherry fruit flavors are abundant in this fleshy red, with licorice and sweet spice notes offering richness through the tart, crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW A combo of crispy and creamy elements, with accents of lemon sorbet, sweet anise and blanched almond. END
BEGIN NOW Gentle dried cherry and plum fruit is lined with a sandalwood-edged structure and a flicker of lavender through the finish. Carignan, Cinsault, Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW This balanced red offers ripe cherry, raspberry, tobacco and almond flavors, with good structure and moderate length. Sangiovese. END
BEGIN NOW The crisp lemon, lime and fresh herb flavors are juicy and appealing, with floral and spice notes lingering on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's a hint of toast to the melon, peach and citrus flavors. Softly juicy and spicy on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A bright, balanced, medium-bodied red, with light, crisp tannins and flavors of crushed mulberry, wild herb, mineral and spice. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, light-bodied white with pepper, green pea and salt flavors underscoring the lemon and green apple notes. Offers a crisp, mouthwatering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lemongrass, green peach and dried apricot flavors are accented by minerally notes in this easygoing style. Hints of scallion show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A broad and supple red, with plenty of well-spiced red berry and crushed red plum flavors. Sandalwood and cedar details show on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A sinewy and savory red, with dried berry and roasted plum flavors that feature plenty of spicy notes. Dried green herb accents on the fresh finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Papaya, lemon, dried mango and lime flavors burst out of the glass, with a detail of lemongrass on the finish. This has plenty of juicy acidity but comes across as light and smooth. END
BEGIN NOW Plum and black cherry flavors, with sink-your-teeth-into-them tannins and baking spice and espresso details, are firm, with an accent of dried rosemary on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and tangy, with marmalade acidity to balance the core of pear and almond flavors. A hint of chutney weaves through the finish. Unusual, but has some charm. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, delivering ripe plum and blackberry notes accented by hints of mocha and spice, this red shows some texture, with moderately grippy tannins taking hold on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fleshy peach flavors form the core of this white, with lemon and grapefruit accents, a hint of lemon verbena and a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW A snappy white, with fleshy mix of yellow plum, kiwifruit, sliced almond and orange zest, backed by lively acidity. Stone and spice notes show on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's good cut to the red plum and red currant flavors, which feature notes of cedar and dried sage. The spicy finish carries cardamom accents. Pinot Noir, Touriga Nacional, Touriga Franca, Tinta Roriz, Tinta Barroca and Aragonez. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry, cola and toast flavors mingle in this plump red, which is fresh and generous, with balsamic acidity and light tannins. END
BEGIN NOW A light-bodied, elegant style, offering cherry, strawberry and spice flavors, this is balanced, if moderately long. END
BEGIN NOW Frankly sweet, open-textured and light, with pretty pear and floral flavors, lingering with presence. END
BEGIN NOW A bright, fruity red, with cherry and strawberry flavors accented by a touch of earth. Light tannins complete the moderate finish. Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Lemon meringue, melon and peach flavors are smooth and supple, with vibrant acidity and spicy accents on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and charming, open-textured and generous, with cherry, red plum and orange peel flavors, shaded by a hint of fresh herb as the finish plays against velvety tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Perfumed, with rose petal, honeysuckle and candied pear flavors, showing fresh lime zest accents. Softly tangy and juicy on the finish. Exhibits plenty of harmony and personality. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty lavender and violet notes frame a core of caressing cherry and plum fruit. The gentle finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Green apple, melon and lemon meringue flavors are juicy and expressive, with a mouthwatering finish, lingering pleasantly on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This supple, straightforward red boasts aromas of red berry, with flavors to match. Notes of hot stone and a touch of creaminess on the savory finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Firm and focused, this white exhibits savory notes of smoked almond, fennel and wet stone, with a core of pear and melon. Not showy, but crisp. END
BEGIN NOW Fruity, with strawberry, plum and melon flavors that are fresh and juicy. Hints of dried meat show on the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This round white offers green apple, blanched almond and fresh herb flavors, with a waxy texture kept fresh by citrusy acidity. Balanced and clean. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, bramble, herbal and tea flavors mingle in this lean red. Balanced, with light tannins and gentle balsamic acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and soft, with lemon curd, white peach and verbena notes backed by a light straw accent on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's plenty of freshness to the juicy red plum, dark cherry and black olive flavors, accented by appealing green herbal notes. Finishes with hints of dried mint and chocolate. END
BEGIN NOW A pretty, floral white, light-bodied and fresh, with notes of ripe peach, pink grapefruit zest and stone. Grechetto, Procanico and Viognier. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp and floral white, the taut acidity to the grapefruit and green apple flavors. Chamomile notes show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This round, smooth red offers plum, blackberry, licorice and smoke flavors, supported by firm tannins and balsamic acidity. Loamy earth and mineral notes linger. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and crisp, this white shows light peach, green apple and floral flavors backed by notes of fresh herb and blanched almond. Reserved and balanced. Verdejo and Viura. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, with plum and cherry paste flavors that give way to a light sandalwood hint on the modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW This features mouthwatering acidity backing green apple, grapefruit and glazed citrus flavors. Creamy midpalate, with minerally accents on the open-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Boysenberry and cranberry flavors mingle with chocolate and toast notes in this sleek red. Features lively, sweet-tart acidity and light, smooth tannins. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy red, with hints of graphite and smoke underscoring the ripe boysenberry, mocha and wild herb notes. Lightly chewy, but offering a round, easy-drinking mouthfeel overall. Primitivo, Montepulciano, Nero d'Avola and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp acidity frames flavors of Asian pear, melon rind, slivered almond and lemon zest in this light-bodied, bright white. Stony finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a blend of green apple, peach and kiwifruit flavors, supported by crisp acidity. The spicy finish lingers with savory green herbal details and minerally touches. END
BEGIN NOW This plump red offers fruit flavors of black cherry and plum, with accents of tobacco and orange peel. Lively acidity firms up the gentle tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Honeysuckle and Honeycrisp apple flavors are layered with juicy acidity in this zesty, light-bodied white. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with good drive to the mix of cherry and plum compote notes, backed by a lively anise edge and lingering on the violet-edged finish. END
BEGIN NOW This lean red shows cherry, leafy, minty and smoky notes, with light, firm tannins and tangy acidity. Modest, but fresh and lively. END
BEGIN NOW A plummy and supple red, with notes of chocolate and spice that turn creamy. Hints of pepper show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Peach and glazed apricot notes emerge in this sweet, juicy white. Honey and spice details show on the creamy finish, with some ripe melon accents. END
BEGIN NOW Violet, lavender and plum pit notes move along, carrying through a cherry-filled finish. A breezy, unadorned style. Syrah, Grenache, Carignane and Cinsault. END
BEGIN NOW A mix of floral, peach and melon flavors highlights this juicy white. Lingers with a hint of grapefruit on the finish. Trebbiano, Malvasia, Pinot Blanc, Pinot Grigio and Riesling. END
BEGIN NOW This red shows reserved but harmonious flavors of black cherry, forest floor, mineral and smoke, supported by well-integrated tannins and balanced acidity. END
BEGIN NOW A medium-bodied white, with crunchy flavors of grapefruit and white currant. Citrusy midpalate, leading to a finish that offers spice and herbal accents. END
BEGIN NOW Fleshy, with notes of dried green herbs to the well-spiced flavors of dark plum and cherry tart. Dark chocolate and smoky accents linger on the broad, tannic finish. END
BEGIN NOW Peppery white flower notes add an aromatic edge to the lime and grapefruit flavors. Melon and peach details linger on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tart cherry, leafy and light earthy flavors mingle in this lean red. Light, chewy tannins and orange peel acidity keep this lively. Not big, but energetic. END
BEGIN NOW A breezy style, with friendly green almond and lime notes backed by a light fennel echo. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy red, with plum and raspberry flavors accented by notes of hot stone. Supple and spicy on the finish. Malbec, Bonarda, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with lightly juicy acidity balanced by crowd-pleasing notes of black currant, star anise, dried marjoram and mocha. Very accessible, with light tannins on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This juicy red features sappy black cherry and blackberry fruit set in a light- to medium-bodied frame, with accents of spice, dried fig and espresso that show on the lightly chewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows spicy overtones to the ripe apple and grapefruit flavors, accented by hints of richness. Creamy midpalate, with light smoky notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A silky texture carries expressive flavors of rose, orange blossom, lychee and spice in this sweet white. Alluring, as much a perfume as a wine. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry, olive, licorice and light tar notes mingle in this lively red. Fresh acidity and light tannins lend this just enough structure, but the focus is on the fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Firm-edged, with talc and warm stone notes holding the core of watermelon rind and white cherry together. A light and pure style. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas and flavors of berry, melon and red cherry feature some leafy notes. Ruby grapefruit on the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Blackberry, plum and grilled herb notes are underscored by smoke and spice in this lively, medium-bodied red, with lightly chewy tannins. END
BEGIN NOW A balanced red, with light, sculpted tannins and a bright profile of brambly cherry and candied berry fruit, accented by notes of mocha and dried herb. Offers a fresh, spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe and spicy, with refined flavors of dried red currant and berry, infused with white pepper and minerally notes. Fresh and juicy on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lime sherbet and fresh mint flavors are tangy and slightly candied, with plenty of ripe melon notes on the softly juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers snappy flavors of apple and green apricot, with some notes of honeydew melon. Citrus zest details emerge on the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, featuring plum tart and berry pie flavors, with notes of cocoa power. Finishes with allspice and some custardy accents. END
BEGIN NOW A rich, fruity style, boasting cherry and strawberry fruit. Shows fine balance and moderate length. END
BEGIN NOW Light lime, pear and green apple flavors are crisp and bright, with a touch of green herbs on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and appealing, with raspberry and cherry flavors accented by licorice and floral hints. Finishes with crisp tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Racy acidity fuels this lively white, driving the pear, basil, grapefruit and flinty flavors across the palate. Harmonious, with a core of minerality. A good match with food. END
BEGIN NOW Musky, floral and spicy, with candied ginger and pear flavors. Softly juicy, this lingers on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with a brisk stony feel amid the bright strawberry and cherry flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Mandarin orange, spring forest, yellow peach and candied ginger notes mix in this bright, zippy white. END
BEGIN NOW Appealing for the soft, plush wild berry and plum flavors that come across as slightly candied, with black tea and vanilla accents that linger. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Grenache and other varieties. END
BEGIN NOW Apple, melon and citrus flavors have a mouthful of toasty cedar notes and firm acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Attractive aromas of gooseberry, grass and chive mark this effusive white. Light-footed, juicy and fresh. Chardonnay, Vermentino, Pinot Grigio and Trebbiano. END
BEGIN NOW A savory red, featuring dried cherry, tar, grilled herb and kumquat notes set in a light- to medium-bodied package. Offers a fresh finish, with dusty tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Redolent of cherry and currant, this medium-bodied red offers lively acidity. Violet notes show on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and focused, with a light stony spine carrying the peach and white cherry notes. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with lemon and lime flavors accented by peppery white flower notes and grapefruit zest details. Crisp acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and silky, with pear and floral flavors on a spicy frame, echoing softly. END
BEGIN NOW Pear and apple flavors mingle with fennel and basil notes in this fresh white. There's enough acidity to keep the broad texture balanced. END
BEGIN NOW The apple and peach flavors have a touch of honey and toast, with a creamy texture and a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Notable for dense, rustic tannins and a strong herbal component, this offers bay leaf and sage notes mingling with a savory and blackberry flavors. Circles back to the herbal elements on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and juicy, with fresh-cut green apple and lemon-lime flavors supported by vibrant acidity. Glistens with dried tropical fruit notes and lush spiciness on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lemongrass and crisp citrus flavors are vivid and juicy, with ruby grapefruit accents on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with pear, apricot and floral flavors on a tangy frame, finishing gently. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with a light savory hint amid the core of peach and white raspberry notes. Stays crisp through the stony-edged finish. END
BEGIN NOW A modest white, with tangy acidity and hints of baked apricot, tangerine peel, fresh tarragon and smoke. END
BEGIN NOW Rich and firmly structured, supporting black cherry, plum and spice flavors. Leans toward the dry side, with enough fruit for balance. Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, with white peach and white cherry notes that zip through, backed by a fresh, stony finish. END
BEGIN NOW A bright white, with spice and citrus zest notes enlivening the mix of peach, melon, stone and pickled ginger flavors. Creamy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A richly spiced and juicy red, filled with succulent flavors of cherry, raspberry and plum, backed by firm acidity. White pepper accents show on the fresh finish. Pinot Noir, Touriga Nacional, Touriga Franca, Tinta Roriz, Tinta Barroca and Aragonez. END
BEGIN NOW The lime and apple flavors are juicy and bright, with a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Firm in texture, with ripe cherry and herb flavors set on a finely balanced frame. The finish lingers well. Best after 2017. 18,967 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy citrus and stone fruit flavors are fresh and peppery, with green grassy notes on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity style, this red offers candied cherry, strawberry and earth notes, backed by moderate tannins. The cherry element echoes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows notes of hot stone to the dried berry, red licorice and cherry flavors. Peppery details emerge midpalate, with a minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Refreshing, with lime zest and tangerine flavors that have a spicy edge. Compact and intense. END
BEGIN NOW Direct cherry fruit is laced with subtle cinnamon and black tea notes that provide a firm twinge through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with good thyme and chive notes, showing a sel gris hint on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW An appealing, ready-to-drink style, this charming red offers a mix of strawberry and watermelon notes. END
BEGIN NOW Grassy and herbal flavors mingle with grapefruit and briny notes in this crisp white. A bit lean in texture, but has focus and energy. END
BEGIN NOW Perfumed strawberry and watermelon aromas lead to soft and slightly sweet flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Creamy and floral, this spiced white shows flavors of ripe apricot and melon, almond skin and smoke. Round and balanced, with a fresh finish of moderate length. END
BEGIN NOW Shows smoke, bacon fat and brown sugar accents to the cherry and floral notes. Harmonious and plush on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and earthy, with a savory edge to the raspberry and spice flavors, lingering on the open texture. END
BEGIN NOW A medium-bodied, plummy tasting red, with zesty acidity and lively spice and mineral notes. White pepper details show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A bright red, with crushed black cherry and plum fruit framed by lightly chewy tannins and accents of spice and herbed black olive. Balanced. END
BEGIN NOW A creamy Lambrusco, backed by tangy acidity, with a pleasing mix of black currant, wild strawberry, graphite and dried thyme flavors. Smoke and spice notes linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and luscious, this is a winning bubbly for a big party. Aromas of cinnamon, ginger and citrus lead to creamy flavors of pear and blanched almond. END
BEGIN NOW Fruity, with raspberry, melon and dried cherry flavors that are well-structured. Peppery notes show on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very lively, with lots of savory, thyme and lemon zest notes zipping throughout. Offers a tangy, invigorating finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fruity, offering peach, white flowers and lemon curd notes. Fresh and elegant, with a lingering citrus finish and a hint of stone. END
BEGIN NOW Perfumed floral, plum and raspberry notes are evident from the outset, delivered in a medium-weight style. END
BEGIN NOW Pure and refreshing, with crisp flavors of raspberry, red currant and damson plum. Slate and white pepper details linger on the finish, supported by medium-grained tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Jammy and a touch sweet, with pleasant notes of raspberry, vanilla and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Mixes vivid lemon and green apple flavors with dried floral and chamomile accents on a refreshing body. END
BEGIN NOW This generous red delivers ripe flavors in a plush texture. Notes of plum, currant, chocolate, cigar box and toast mingle over gentle tannins and acidity. Harmonious. END
BEGIN NOW Reliant on herb, fresh earth and peppery notes, with wild berry and huckleberry flavors, toast accents and firm tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Firm in texture, with a tannic cloak around a dense core of black cherry, licorice and pepper flavors that glide nicely into the finish. Cellaring should settle the tannins. Best after 2018. 5,130 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW This is light- to medium-bodied and balanced, with a mouthful of plum, black cherry, graphite and mocha flavors. Bright, with a lightly herbed finish. Sangiovese, Merlot and others. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and floral, with rose petal overtones to the red fruit and spice flavors, tilting toward plum notes as the finish lingers against crinkly tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Built around a core of passion fruit and lime flavors, with lemon thyme accents that lend this fragrant lift and a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW This sweet auslese style has enough crisp acidity to balance the rich pear and apricot flavors, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Shows notes of hot stone to the dried berry and red plum flavors, flanked by mineral hints. Savory accents emerge midpalate. Spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This focused red delivers bright flavors of cherry, pomegranate, anise and spice. The structure is modest but balanced. Clean and elegant. END
BEGIN NOW Focused, lively and inviting, with pineapple, cream and toast flavors that dance through a supple finish. Finishes with panache. END
BEGIN NOW Taut, focused and generous, with cherry and boysenberry flavors, gliding into a nicely modulated finish, lingering well. Best from 2017 through 2022. 30,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly, with heather, yellow apple and melon flavors lined with a touch of honey. Stays fresh enough for balance. END
BEGIN NOW Overt, with lychee, ginger ale and green fig notes that carry through a frankly off-dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW There are plenty of beefy notes in this rich, savory style. Dried berry and cherry tart flavors dominate, featuring accents of cream. Cocoa powder details linger on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Hints of crushed cherry, leather, sun-dried tomato and grilled herb mix in this fresh, balanced red. Fruit, spice and light, dusty tannins show on the finish. Try this with some salumi. Gaglioppo. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy, fruit-driven version, with warm cherry and plum paste notes, backed by a roasted vanilla bean accent that coats the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This supple red delivers fresh and balanced flavors of plum, licorice and toast, with light tannins and lively acidity. Refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and floral, this delicate Prosecco offers a subtle mix of green pear, ground ginger, slivered almond, stone and verbena notes. END
BEGIN NOW This has a light brambly frame around modestly juicy cherry and blackberry fruit, picking up a dried anise note through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Savory notes of smoke, tar and leather frame dried cherry and balsamic flavors in this lean red. The fruit picks up a pretty floral accent, gliding through the fresh finish. Harmonious, in an old-school style. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe melon and Gala apple flavors dominate this medium-bodied white. Citrus zest and spice details show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A round and easy-drinking red, light- to medium-bodied and fresh, with abundant herb and spice accents to the baked cherry and black currant fruit. Light mocha details show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with honeysuckle and white peach notes. Clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW A brambly red, with lively acidity to the flavors of dried raspberry and plum. Minerally notes show midpalate, presenting slate and spice details on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A balanced version, with tangy acidity enlivening the creamy palate of smoke, plum, tangerine and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Taut and savory, with notes of hot stone to the sun-dried tomato, black olive and dried berry flavors. Cedary and sandalwood details show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Well-knit and juicy, this balanced, medium-bodied white offers saline and stone notes underscoring flavors of Anjou pear and slivered almond, with hints of lemon peel and fresh tarragon. END
BEGIN NOW This light, tender red is fresh and fruity, with cherry, leafy and smoky flavors in a supple texture. Juicy acidity keeps this lively and focused, bringing you back for another sip. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh hay details complement the citrus, apple and orange peel notes, with a touch of chamomile and a smooth, juicy body. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, with a firm backbone of acidity to the flavors of apple, green pear and peach. Hints of anise on the broad, mouthfilling finish that glistens with notes of beeswax.  END
BEGIN NOW Spicy, tea leaf overtones weave through a core of red berry and pomegranate flavors, framed with toasty oak. Best from 2018 through 2021. 12,445 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW There are plenty of chocolate overtones to this spicy red, which features flavors of dark plum, boysenberry and dried blackberry. Shows hints of brown sugar midpalate, with a finish that is open-textured, accented by smoky notes. Aragonez and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly sweet and tangy, this balanced version offers graphite, black cherry coulis, candied strawberry and spice notes. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with plum and cherry fruit laced with a hint of dried fennel seed, all carried by good acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Light, soft, floral and appealing, with green apple, mint and mineral flavors that come together smoothly on the dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW A crunchy red, showing good cut to the dried berry and cherry flavors, with plenty of savory details. Dried green herb hints show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This boasts black currant, olive and tobacco flavors, with cherry and iron notes coming in as this firms up on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This cedary red offers taut, balanced flavors of dried berry and cherry that feature some juniper berry notes, ending with a stolid finish. END
BEGIN NOW Abundantly spiced and creamy, with crowd-pleasing flavors of melted licorice, baked cherry, fig cake and toasted brioche. Smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and open-textured, brimming with raspberry and cherry flavors, this picks up nutmeg and clove notes on the expressive finish. The tannins need time to be absorbed. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and smoky, with dense flavors of dark currant, licorice and spice. Bacon notes emerge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Intense, with a savory mix of earth- and herb-scented dried berry and cedar flavors. Very satisfying and complete, if rustic and chewy. END
BEGIN NOW A sinewy red, with flavors of dried plum and wild cherry that offer hints of cream and spice. Sandalwood notes show on the finish. Tinta Roriz, Touriga Franca and Touriga Nacional. END
BEGIN NOW Light and a bit sweet, with pear and nectarine flavors on a sleek frame. END
BEGIN NOW A singed vanilla bean note frames a core of modest bitter plum and black cherry fruit. Shows a lingering echo of tobacco on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW On the lighter side, with lemon curd and spice flavors on a sleek frame, picking up fresh green fig notes as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Herb and spice notes lace the crushed cherry and black raspberry fruit on the silky palate of this lively, medium-bodied red, while light tannins and a lingering accent of tarry smoke shows on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Cigar box and graphite notes lace the ripe currant and raspberry fruit flavors in this sleek red, which is fresh and minerally, with sculpted tannins and a long, spiced finish. Best from 2018 through 2023. 8,600 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp white delivers clean, reserved flavors of green apple and fresh herb, with hints of pear and sea salt. Focused and fresh. END
BEGIN NOW A pale pink, with pink grapefruit and spice flavors, showing a lively balance. END
BEGIN NOW This firm red is fresh and focused, offering cranberry and cherry flavors, with fresh herb and licorice notes. The tannins are grippy, the acidity a bit sharp. END
BEGIN NOW This supple red is fresh and focused, with snappy cherry and leafy flavors supported by lively acidity. Offers light grip and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW There are ample cedar and spicy notes in this red, which features accents of roasted plum and dried berry. Dark currant and dried sage details show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW An appealing, balanced red, with juicy acidity enlivening the ripe raspberry and blackberry, star anise, aromatic smoke and orange zest flavors. Supple tannins firm the finish. Sangiovese and Montepulciano. END
BEGIN NOW Refreshing and light, with pretty grapefruit and pear flavors on a deftly wrought frame. Finishes quietly. END
BEGIN NOW This plush red offers ripe flavors of blackberry preserves, baking spices and cocoa, with gentle tannins and just enough acidity to remain lively. END
BEGIN NOW An herbaceous, medium-bodied red, with light grip and tangy currant, eucalyptus and spice box notes. Offers a juicy, chewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry and plum flavors mingle with dark notes of licorice, smoke and tar in this harmonious red. Moderate tannins and acidity remain balanced through the smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Key lime, melon and lime zest flavors are crisp and juicy, with a touch of white flowers on the light, clean body. Intense, balanced and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW A bright, herbaceous red, with dense tannins and a smoky undertow layered with sappy black cherry and licorice notes. Best after 2017. 30,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and inviting, with plum and currant flavors on a fine-grained frame. Finishes with modest intensity. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and fresh, showing plenty of peppery notes to the flavors of red currant and fresh-crushed plum. Some minerally components show on the zesty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty citrus, white flower and orchard fruit flavors are matched with a vibrant, fresh acidity in this youthful white, with spice and blanched almond notes lingering on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, polished and appealing, with apricot and peach ripeness on a crisp, barely off-dry background. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with cherry flavors that are zesty and juicy. Notes of hot stone show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a juicy feel, with bright peach and yellow apple fruit, lined with a light fennel edge. Plump, offering a fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with a tangy lemon spritz feel to the apple and floral flavors, finishing dry. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity style, sporting black cherry and blackberry flavors, accented by earthy notes and a hint of black pepper. END
BEGIN NOW Roasted plum and dried raspberry flavors dominate this red, with plenty of dusty notes. Chewy tannins show on the chocolate- and espresso-filled finish. END
BEGIN NOW Deeply flavored, with a deep well of dark fruit and spice flavors. Very supple midpalate, presenting a well-structured, long finish filled with chocolate mousse and creamy notes. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and juicy, this light red offers bright cherry and licorice flavors, with leafy and spicy notes, supported by sweet-tart acidity and light tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, open and refreshing, with lively pear, floral and chalk flavors that dance enticingly through the deft, lightly sweet finish. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp red shows savory notes of licorice, dried herb and bacon, with a core of tart cherry, supported by light, firm tannins and bright acidity. Not muscular, but energetic. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with dried cherry and boysenberry flavors, accented by cocoa powder notes. Creamy accents linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This bright red offers tart cherry, leafy and light smoky flavors, supported by light tannins and crisp acidity. Fresh and focused, with a nice balance of fruit and savory notes. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with pretty pear, apple and floral flavors on a sleek frame. Shows a hint of green tea on the off-dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW Good chive and gooseberry flavors ripple from start to finish, with a zip of lemon zest at the very end. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy red, with currant, red berry and dark plum flavors, featuring some creamy notes. Chocolate and spice details emerge on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with lime blossom and white peach flavors on a sleek frame, finishing dry. END
BEGIN NOW Boasting crisp acidity and a plump texture, this medium-bodied red shows dark cherry, muddled plum and blackberry fruit, with sweet spice and floral accents. Lightly grippy tannins match with herb and mineral details on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fleshy red, featuring well-textured flavors of dark cherry and red plum, with notes pepper and spice. Dark chocolate accents linger on the finish. Trincadeira, Aragonez, Syrah and Alicante Bouschet. END
BEGIN NOW A spicy style, with touches of richness to the white currant, berry and plum flavors. Juicy midpalate, with hints of dried meat on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW The tangy peach and lemon flavors have a robust acidity, with hints of citrus zest and fresh herbs on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, berry, leafy and light vanilla notes mingle in this supple red. Lively acidity keeps this fresh. Features just enough tannins for grip through the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This red offers dried cherry, plum, licorice, cola and toasty notes, rich yet balanced, mingling over firm, well-integrated tannins. Balsamic acidity keeps this lively. END
BEGIN NOW A light, floral style, with a bright yellow apple core and hints of honeysuckle and quinine in the background. Unadorned finish. END
BEGIN NOW A concentrated red, this shows dried red currant, sweet spice and herbal flavors, held together by tangy acidity. This shows hot stone and floral details on the crisp finish, with firm, integrated tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with green apple and citrus flavors that feature savory notes, followed by lemon curd accents on the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, kirsch and vanilla flavors give this smooth red a fruity character, balanced by light notes of herb and smoke. Features a modest structure and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fruity and rich, with flavors of dried raspberry and boysenberry that are well-concentrated. Slate and dried green herbal notes emerge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers peppery aromas, with flavors of red plum and boysenberry supported by fresh acidity. Asian spice accents show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Elegant, with light cherry and damson plum flavors lined with tea and sandalwood notes. A floral hint on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A savory red, with good cut to the concentrated flavors of dark plum, tobacco leaf and savory herb. Notes of dried meat show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This light red delivers bright cherry and berry fruit, with leafy, smoky and gamy accents. The supple texture shows fresh acidity and just enough tannins for grip. END
BEGIN NOW Light, moderately sweet and easy-drinking, with soft pear and floral flavors, lingering modestly. END
BEGIN NOW Intense green, grassy and herbal aromas give way to a direct, light, crisp and clean lemon-lime core, with a juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has a good beam of dark currant and raspberry fruit flavors laced with a dried star anise hint and backed by a light graphite note through the slightly firm finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with red plum and boysenberry flavors that are fresh and juicy. Milk chocolate notes on the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Dark, with plum and cassis bush notes backed by a lightly brambly spine on the finish, where a hint of singed juniper checks in. Open-knit and ready to drink. Shiraz and Petit Verdot. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy lemon and grapefruit peel notes mix with a savory twinge through the breezy, open finish. END
BEGIN NOW A zesty blend, with appealing notes of black cherry, grilled herb and lead pencil. Merlot, Zinfandel, Syrah, Petite Sirah and Sangiovese. END
BEGIN NOW Dried apricot and pineapple notes give this white a fruity character, with notes of lime and fresh herb adding an extra dimension. A silky texture is supported by fresh acidity. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp style, with flavors of red plum and dried berry that are fresh and savory. White pepper on the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Plenty of green apple, dried mint and spice flavors in this lively style. Crisp finish, with hints of citrus zest. END
BEGIN NOW Plum pudding, baking spice and date flavors are accented by smoke and grilled herb notes in this balanced, light- to medium-bodied red. Offers a fresh, minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Features a solid core of plum and blackberry fruit, with a snappy tobacco leaf note and a bright iron edge on the finish. Well done for the vintage. END
BEGIN NOW This savory red features currant and roasted plum flavors, with Asian spice notes midpalate, leading to a ripe finish that echoes dark chocolate accents. END
BEGIN NOW Bright lime and mache notes, with a breezy, pure finish. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit and accessible, this creamy red offers a subtle range of black raspberry, orange zest, smoke and spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW The juicy lemon, green apple and cantaloupe flavors in this white are crisp and refreshing, with echoes of dried chamomile on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and soft-edged, with mulled plum, raisin and raspberry fruit, backed by a warm fruitcake note. Has flesh but lacks energy. END
BEGIN NOW A vibrant white, with floral notes to the gooseberry and lime flavors. Accents of white pepper show on the bracing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Toast, tar and tobacco notes frame black cherry, plum and leafy flavors in this juicy red, with lively acidity and enough tannins for grip. Exhibits a sappy, savory character. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and easygoing, with modest but appealing notes of black cherry, mocha and toasty herb. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Petit Verdot, Malbec and Cabernet Franc. END
BEGIN NOW This features plenty of peach and melon flavors up front, with some squirts of citrus zest on the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, with pretty pear, melon and floral flavors on a lively frame. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, with plum and black cherry fruit lined with singed cedar and vanilla hints. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe orchard fruit and spice notes are up front and expressive in this juicy Pinot Gris. Well-balanced, with a round mouthfeel and flavors of creamed almond and candied lemon zest on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crunchy white, with core of green apple and grapefruit flavors that are supported by loads of acidity. Slate on the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and vibrant, gaining lift to the structure from acidity and fine tannins, with dark berry and coffee flavors. Lingers pleasantly. END
BEGIN NOW This lively red shows fresh flavors of cherry, plum, cola and herb, with gentle tannins and bright acidity. Has good focus and drive.  END
BEGIN NOW Lithe and approachable, with pretty raspberry, cherry and cocoa flavors on a polished frame, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Modest lemon and mache notes with a clean, zippy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, crunchy white, with juicy flavors of ripe melon, fresh-cut apple and key lime pie. Spicy finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with hints of grapefruit and lime around a narrow core of honeydew. Finishes with polish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh sipper, well-balanced and floral, with white peach, verbena, stone and grated ginger notes. END
BEGIN NOW A sinewy red, with green olive and black cherry flavors. Mineral and white pepper details show on the finish, with notes of slate. END
BEGIN NOW Salt and pepper aroma, with a lively mix of melon, pear and gooseberry flavors. Spicy finish, with some creamy notes.   END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing for its pear and grapefruit flavors, finishing with gentle insistence. END
BEGIN NOW Pepper and minerally notes dominate this fresh-tasting, medium-bodied red. Finishes with hot stone accents. END
BEGIN NOW Features an enticing accent of lilac to the ripe apple and pear tart flavors. Spicy and creamy midpalate, with a lilting, delicate finish of mineral and salted almond. END
BEGIN NOW Creamy and balanced, with lively acidity backing flavors of ripe Asian pear, ground ginger, spring forest and lemon curd. END
BEGIN NOW Light on its feet, with pear and honey flavors on a delicate profile, finishing silky and sweet. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth, spicy notes of yellow apple and pear show hints of lemon zest. Refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Silky and open-knit, with enticing plum sauce and cherry preserve flavors, backed by hints of lavender and anise. END
BEGIN NOW Creamed melon and citrus flavors are underpinned by a touch of spiced honey in this fresh, medium-bodied white. Floral and apple notes weave through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and open-knit, with accents of stone and smoke underscoring the crunchy white peach, pear and lemon peel notes. END
BEGIN NOW This light dessert style boasts honeyed overtones to the dried apricot and peach flavors. Spicy finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Lean and fluid, offering cherry, blackberry, spice and tobacco aromas and flavors. Firm, with the structure for tomato-based sauces and salumi. END
BEGIN NOW Gentle cherry and damson plum fruit flavors glide along, with a lacing of tobacco that lingers on the light-bodied finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy and bright, with lime, green apple and passion fruit flavors that pack a punch on the finish, where a lemon verbena note kicks in. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and smoky, this crisp white shows a lively palate of apple, lemon zest, ginger and white peach, with a clean, juicy finish. Grechetto and Procanico. END
BEGIN NOW Sharp but integrated acidity highlights the sage, citrus and dried apple flavors in this refreshing, medium-bodied white. Mineral and fresh herb notes mark the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Apple, almond, straw and grapefruit flavors mingle in this juicy white that's fleshy midpalate, with a refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and satiny, with a shot of raspberry flavor pushing through the currant, tar and spice core, lingering on the persistent finish. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, with plenty of pear and citrus notes, crisp acidity and peppery, floral highlights. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty plum and raspberry coulis flavors are lined with subtle anise and singed cinnamon hints. Light-bodied but with good energy through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This rich version boasts plum and pomegranate flavors, with spice accents. Tightens up on the moderate finish. Sangiovese. END
BEGIN NOW This has flavors reminiscent of chocolate-covered cherries, with spicy and minerally notes on the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Ripe black cherry, wild strawberry, chocolate liqueur and red licorice notes are underscored by graphite and spice accents in this light-bodied, tangy red. Floral finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and resonant, with currant, plum and dark berry fruit shading the finish, featuring hints of smoke and roasted peppers on a supple, medium-weight frame. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, ripe pear and melon flavors have a very crisp, lemony edge, with plenty of acidity, and grace notes of fresh herbs and cut grass. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and languid in feel, with velvety plum and cherry sauce flavors carried by a lavender hint through the easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and sweet, light on balance but with enough acidity to frame the pear, apricot and floral flavors nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Red currant and unripe plum flavors dominate this crisp style, with herbal and peppery notes on the finish. Cabernet Sauvignon and Agiorgtiko. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing, with gentle pear and tropical fruit flavors set on a silky texture, finishing off-dry. END
BEGIN NOW Very direct, with a blast of plum fruit lined with light violet and white pepper hints. Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW This resonates with pure, mineral-infused flavors of Fuji apple, gooseberry and savory herb, supported by firm acidity. Spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dark and spicy, with blackberry, licorice and toast flavors in equal proportions, finishing with presence. Merlot and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW A light, floral style, with green almond and fig notes, followed by a twinge of anise on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, this red offers bright cherry and berry fruit flavors, with notes of fresh herb and smoke, and light gamy accents. Supple, focused and fresh. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, with a core of lemon drop notes, accented by fresh-cut grass, rosemary and white pepper details. Finishes with lip-smacking acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, currant, tobacco and earth notes mingle in this light-bodied red, which is rustic, with dusty tannins lining the finish. Good length. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, with a lively mix of lemon-lime and grapefruit flavors, supported by fresh acidity. Mineral and stone notes emerge on the finish, showing hints of green herb. END
BEGIN NOW There's a nice tang to the ripe currant and guava flavors in this fresh and lively red. END
BEGIN NOW Light and sleek, with tangy lime accents around a central theme of apple and honeydew flavors, lingering refreshingly. END
BEGIN NOW Light and sleek, off-dry and appealing for the tangerine lift to its watermelon and raspberry flavors, finishing with a silky feel. Pinot Noir. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, with plum and cherry compote notes and a flicker of fruitcake on the open, easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Spice, apple and gooseberry flavors are joined by some creamy notes in this open-textured style. Lemon curd and dried tarragon accents show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pure and fresh, with gently steeped cherry and plum fruit, laced with violet and lavender notes. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty, with rose water and watermelon rind notes backed by a flicker of mint on the elegant finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and friendly, with cherry pie and blackberry fruit flavors and a touch of anise on the open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW A floral Prosecco, with a creamy bead carrying the well-spiced palate of white cherry, stargazer lily, Meyer lemon and melon. Mouthwatering, stony finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with a beam of cherry and currant flavors singed by tobacco leaf and bitter almond, this is balanced in a direct way and delivers moderate length. END
BEGIN NOW This has a meaty core surrounded by grilled plum, dried berry and sweet spice flavors. A creamy texture and juicy acidity add appeal through the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW An easy-drinking, balanced red, with light tannins and notes of sun-dried cherry and cranberry fruit, herb, and spice underscored by a subtle thread of tarry mineral. END
BEGIN NOW A bright and tangy Lambrusco, balanced and easy-drinking, with wild berry and cherry fruit, accented by notes of underbrush and smoke. Spiced finish. END
BEGIN NOW This polished red shows depth and drive, with cherry, kirsch and cola flavors powered by racy acidity to the spicy finish. The moderate structure is well-balanced. Mazuelo, Syrah and Garnacha. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh and savory style, with engaging minerally notes to the flavors of dried blueberry, blackberry and dark plum. The richly spicy finish ends with cocoa powder details. END
BEGIN NOW Showing off tasty plum, cherry, wilted rose and spice nuances, this is fleshy midpalate, ending with an edge of dry cedar and gravel. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, licorice, tobacco and vanilla notes mingle in this spicy red. Firm tannins and juicy acidity support the polished texture. Not showy but harmonious. END
BEGIN NOW A gutsy, full-bodied style, with plenty of gravel and earth accents to the dark berry flavors. The tannins are firm and gripping. END
BEGIN NOW This white has a pretty profile of floral, peach and creamed melon flavors, with underlying spice and mineral elements. Nicely textured, featuring a juicy acidity that lifts the perfumed finish. END
BEGIN NOW Filled with Fuji apple and baked pear flavors, matched to notes of dried tarragon. Honeyed details emerge on the creamy and spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and open-textured, with pear and floral flavors on lively frame, lingering with presence. END
BEGIN NOW Harmonious and well-knit, this accessible red offers juicy black cherry and herbed olive flavors laced with hints of smoke, stone and ground spice, and delivers crisp tannins on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Features a smoky note to the baked apple, dried pear and roasted pineapple flavors, layered with plenty of spicy details. Well-structured finish. END
BEGIN NOW This leads with firm, slightly bracing acidity and flavors of creamed melon, cherry pit and spice. Stony mineral, spice and grilled herb accents add dimension. END
BEGIN NOW Snappy, with sugar pea accents to the green peach, grapefruit and kiwifruit flavors. Engagingly complex, with a long and well-spiced finish that lingers with juicy crunchiness. END
BEGIN NOW Taut and mineral-driven, this red features fresh acidity, with savory herb and spice notes surrounding the dark fruit flavors. Offers a crisp, clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and fresh, with blackberry, black cherry and gumdrop flavors. Light tannins are integrated through the spicy, herb-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW The red plum and pomegranate flavors are fruity and sleek in this ripe red. Mineral and graphite elements show on the finish, with restrained tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Plush and generous, expressive without excess weight, this lithe style centers on guava-accented black cherry and floral flavors that play against refined tannins on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and quiet, with modest, lemon curd-accented berry and plum flavors on a sleek frame, lingering with surprising expressiveness. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp acidity gives this juicy white a sharp edge, but broader flavors of peach, kumquat and honeysuckle blossom on the palate. Focused and juicy. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and inviting, open-textured and generous, with lemon-accented pear and spice flavors. Finishes with persistence. END
BEGIN NOW A tangy red, with flavors of cherry and damson plum fruit, END
BEGIN NOW Generous and spicy, with lemon meringue flavors on a soft frame, picking up pear notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A spicy and crunchy white, with creamy accents to the apple and pear tart flavors, along with with notes of ripe melon. The rich finish has lanolin and salted almond accents. END
BEGIN NOW Herbaceous and fresh, with appealing grapefruit and nectarine flavors, highlighted by a zippy acidity. Spice and white blossom notes show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offering aromas of mineral and hot stone, with flavors to match, this red is elegant and broad-textured. Crushed red plum and red currant notes dominate, accented by hints of beef carpaccio. Silky tannins show on the creamy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and creamy, with juicy white cherry and berry flavors, matched with floral and zesty undertones. Offers a finish tinged with savory herb and spice details. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with lemon verbena, Key lime and orange sherbet flavors that end with refreshing acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Features fine cut and good length to mineral-accented flavors of grapefruit, gooseberry and green apple. Floral notes chime in, presenting a finish loaded with spice, dried mint and shiso leaf details. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, leafy, orange peel and light smoky flavors show a traditional character in this savory red. Features light, firm tannins and a clean, slightly bitter finish. END
BEGIN NOW Vibrant and juicy, with plenty of lime juice accenting the pear, peach and yellow apple flavors. Fresh and pure on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and supple, featuring crushed blackberry, tea and briar notes. A crisp acidity keeps this fresh, with lightly chewy tannins and a spice- and mineral-laced finish. END
BEGIN NOW This fruity and aromatic white offers refreshing flavors of Fuji apple and Asian spice, with an intense floral finish. A fine aperitif. END
BEGIN NOW A robust style, with depth and density. Shows tiers of dark berry framed by chewy tannins and cedary oak, with a rustic aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW A broad style, with savory wet stone and saline notes, underscored by melon, white raspberry and cherry flavors. A creamy edge lingers through the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with dried cherry and roasted plum flavors. Raspberry tart and spice notes show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Minerally and balanced, this racy white offers flavors of Anjou pear, chalk, lemon pith and honeysuckle. Stone and spice notes show on the subtle finish. END
BEGIN NOW A spicy red, with mulled red fruit flavors that feature notes of Christmas pudding. The ripe finish boasts chocolate accents. END
BEGIN NOW This sleek white shows waxy, floral overtones to its pear and watermelon flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe black cherry and plum flavors mingle with vanilla and orange marmalade notes in this plump red. The soft, full texture has just enough tannins and acidity to stay focused. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and vibrant, with spicy citrus, green apple and spice flavors, showing the presence of cedar and dill on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A balanced and fresh-tasting red, with crisp acidity behind the dark cherry and boysenberry flavors, accented by minerally notes. Spice hints and firm tannins show on the fruity finish. END
BEGIN NOW A beam of ripe wild cherry is layered with hints of END
BEGIN NOW A clean-cut white, with a hint of salinity underscoring the flavors of yellow plum, ripe Bartlett pear and sliced almond. Light- to medium-bodied and fresh. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, with a strawberry core and jicama notes that linger, despite a slightly lean finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity style, with hints of cream to the gooseberry and Meyer lemon notes. Juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A light and tangy white, with lemon and grapefruit notes heading toward peach flavors on the lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fruity and crisp, with flavors of peach, apricot and green apple, supported by fresh acidity. The spicy finish lingers with peppery notes. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing, with easygoing flavors of cherry and spice. A candied note weaves throughout. Ruby Cabernet, Durif and Shiraz. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, with white cherry fruit offset by hints of strawberry and watermelon rind. Fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy black raspberry and wild cherry fruit is well-spiced in this medium-bodied, balanced version, with accents of herb, chocolate-covered coffee bean and melted licorice chiming in on the plush finish. END
BEGIN NOW A balanced red, with a smoky undertow, this shows ripe plum and blackberry fruit in a light- to medium-bodied package, accented by hints of grilled herb and olive. Chewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Has a raw edge to the lively pear and floral flavors, picking up a white pepper note as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and user-friendly, with modest notes of ripe cherry, pepper and toasty oak. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly, with fresh-cut green melon and green almond notes, lined with a hint of makrut lime. Offers a bright, unadorned finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, taut and focused, offering cherry and white raspberry fruit, with a hint of orange zest and a racy edge to the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A racy white, light-bodied and zesty, with a stony base note and well-knit hints of yellow pear, creamed almond and lemon preserves. END
BEGIN NOW This sleek white delivers modest but fresh flavors of apple, anise and lemon peel, well-knit and supported by firm acidity. Has a linear quality, balanced and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Opens with floral notes of honeysuckle and white flowers, that lead to a core of tangy citrus and peach flavors, with zingy acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Recalls the hearty, jammy field blends of yore, with aromas of wild berry and smoky herb leading to zesty flavors of black cherry, licorice and cinnamon spice. Zinfandel, Carignane, Syrah, Sangiovese, Dolcetto, Petite Sirah and Pinotage. END
BEGIN NOW Redolent of fresh-crushed red fruit flavors, with grippy tannins and plenty of notes of slate and tar. The peppery finish offers good minerality. END
BEGIN NOW Very aromatic, this silky red has ripe plum sauce and pureed blackberry flavors, with rich notes of grilled beef, medicinal herbs, ground pink peppercorn and star anise. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, lightly sweet, with pretty watermelon and guava flavors on a delicately peppery background. END
BEGIN NOW This fleshy red offers plum, tar, beefy and licorice flavors, with gentle tannins supporting the thick texture. Expressive, but a bit clumsy and clipped on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, offering a zingy mix of lemon, melon and grapefruit notes, finishing with juicy, tart green apple flavors and a touch of lemon thyme. END
BEGIN NOW Light and polished, with an almond note weaving through the pineapple and spice flavors, finishing with modest intensity. END
BEGIN NOW Plush and generous without excess weight, offering pretty black tea accents to the blueberry and currant fruit, finishing with pizzazz. END
BEGIN NOW Herbal and smoke notes frame tart black cherry fruit and licorice flavors in this lively red. Crisp acidity leads the light, grippy tannins, giving way to the briary finish. This is a good food wine. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, with peach and pineapple notes adding zip to the sleek texture. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and refreshing, with sweetish pear, melon and honeydew notes, turning simpler on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a tangy mix of peach, citrus and apple flavors, with a touch of grapefruit skin on the finish. Light and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, brimming with pure pear and toasted coconut flavors on a sleek frame, lingering easily on the lightly sweet finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and expressive, with peppery accents to the pear and green guava flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Tart green apple and grapefruit flavors have a citrus pith edge, with green tea notes on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Generous, velvety and appealing, brimming with spicy dark currant and blackberry fruit, contained by fine tannins and a lift of acidity. The finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe, smooth and easy on the pocketbook, with simple flavors of apple and honeydew melon. END
BEGIN NOW A zesty little red, with notes of raspberry, grilled herbs and pepper. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and inviting, lithe and reticent, with pretty pear and spice flavors that finish with finesse. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet raspberry ganache flavors are layered with hints of dark chocolate and rich, loamy earth in this medium-bodied red, backed by juicy acidity and light, dusty tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and appealing, with modest, tangerine-tinged pear flavors on a light frame. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy white, with touches of richness to the ripe apple, lemon-lime and savory herbal flavors. Blood orange notes show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This juicy red offers bright cherry flavors. A bit hard candy in character, with lively acidity and notes of vanilla. Makes for pleasant quaffing. END
BEGIN NOW Shows good concentration to the red plum and dark berry flavors, accented by tobacco leaf and graphite notes. Hints of green herb show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lean and focused, with earthy, tarry overtones to the dark berry flavors, finishing with firm tannins. Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and others. Best from 2016 through 2019. 20,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Offers lime and white asparagus notes, with a fresh, breezy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas and flavors of blueberry and boysenberry are accented by green herbal notes. Medium-grained tannins and fresh acidity show on the espresso-filled finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with unadorned red currant and savory notes, backed by a lightly sanguine hint on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pineapple, citrus and apple tart flavors show perfumy lavender notes in this white, ending with a plump, well-spiced finish. END
BEGIN NOW Creamy and balanced, with tangy acidity backing the flavors of plumped cherry and dried cranberry, featuring lots of dried herb and a hint of hot stone. END
BEGIN NOW A sleek white, with juicy acidity and flavors of spicy pear and apple, set on a polished frame. Finishes with lithe intensity. END
BEGIN NOW Steeped cherry and plum skin notes are laced with a hint of anise and backed by a sandalwood-lined finish that leaves a slightly taut feel in the end. END
BEGIN NOW A rounded, easy style, with green plum and pear fruit at the core, laced with a hint of makrut lime that keeps this honest through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows good typicity, with appealing green herb and leafy notes to the dried berry and stewed plum flavors, followed by a chewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A focused white, with lots of verve to the green apple, white cherry and Bosc pear flavors. The spicy finish has zip and freshness. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry and berry flavors are ripe but fresh in this lively red. Crisp acidity and a leafy note balance the sweet fruit and vanilla, while light tannins impart backbone. END
BEGIN NOW Light, with brisk chive, sweet pea and lime zest notes. END
BEGIN NOW Green herbal notes provide fresh accents to the dried cherry and crushed berry flavors. Stemmy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A roasted vanilla note drapes over a core of crushed plum and blackberry fruit, while licorice snap and fruitcake accents fill in on the finish. Solid. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and light on the palate, with richness from the pear and cream flavors, gliding easily into a pretty finish. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy red, offering mocha- and herb-laced notes of black raspberry and boysenberry fruit, with licorice drop and smoke accents. END
BEGIN NOW This fruit-forward red delivers ripe flavors of blackberry, roasted plum and licorice, with chocolate and toasty accents. Four-square and firm. END
BEGIN NOW A firm white, with crunchy acidity behind the apple, pear and citrus flavors, accented by a hint of walnut. Offers a well-spiced finish. END
BEGIN NOW Thyme and savory notes lead the way, backed by a brisk core of lemon pulp and grapefruit zest. The stony finish is lean yet refreshing. Sauvignon Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Candied cherry notes mark this straightforward, vibrant red. Juicy, leaving a mouthwatering impression. Moderate length. END
BEGIN NOW Well-oaked and medium-bodied, with a plush mouthfeel to the flavors of plump cherry, chocolate shavings, wood smoke and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a mix of damson plum, cherry and red currant fruit, with singed cedar notes forming the spine and holding the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This broad red shows macerated cherry and raspberry flavors, accented by tobacco and briar notes. A firm style, so enjoy with food or cellar for a few months. END
BEGIN NOW The dark cherry, blackberry and bramble notes are laced with a warm cocoa edge, leaving a juicy and toasty feel through the slightly gutsy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Red plum and dusty berry flavors are matched to a crisp, granular minerality. The crunchy finish has notes of green herb. END
BEGIN NOW A sinewy red, with leather, earth and tobacco notes to the dried berry and roasted plum flavors. Forest floor accents show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and balanced, this easy-drinking red offers crowd-pleasing notes of mulberry, plum, mocha and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied, tangy and balanced, with flavors of baked apple, almond, honey and sea salt. END
BEGIN NOW The fresh damson plum and black cherry fruit is lined with a racy sanguine edge, giving way to tangy iron and light tobacco notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and direct, offering lemon pulp and grapefruit zest notes, backed by straw and white peach accents. END
BEGIN NOW This offers dried mint notes fused to a firm frame of dark plum, dried cherry and black tar flavors. Cocoa powder accents show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Earthy plum and black cherry flavors are marshaled by bright acidity here. Stays lively and energetic on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and direct, with modest zip to the core of fennel, green apple and lime notes. END
BEGIN NOW This round red offers cherry, toast and mineral flavors, with well-integrated tannins and just enough acidity for grip. Gentle. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a smoky aroma, with well-sculpted flavors of fig, vanilla, pear tart and baked apple that are firm and rich. Features a mouthwatering finish, with complex hints of minerality. END
BEGIN NOW A zippy, light-bodied white, with focus to the melon ball, lime zest, fresh-chopped herb, white peach and stone notes. END
BEGIN NOW A zippy, light-bodied white, with focus to the melon ball, lime zest, fresh-chopped herb, white peach and stone notes. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy fruit flavors of black cherry and plum fill this exuberant red, with light tannins and fresh acidity imparting life and focus. A straightforward and lively wine. END
BEGIN NOW The herb-tinged red fruit flavors feature accents of coffee and dark chocolate. Cast iron notes show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tart plum and cranberry flavors mingle with coffee and herbal accents in this firm red, with crisp acidity and light, chewy tannins. Expressive, but shows some sharp edges. END
BEGIN NOW This white offers plenty of grassy notes to the apple and citrus flavors. Ripe accents of tropical fruits show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A tangy white, featuring shiso leaf accents to the green apple and lemon-lime flavors. Savory notes emerge on the zippy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry, black currant pastille and leather notes ride a wave of vibrant acidity in this fresh, juicy red, with a lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, this red offers fresh fruit flavors of berry and tart cherry, with hints of chocolate and toast. Supple and focused by crisp acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Offers sweet cherry and red plum fruit up front, accented by notes of graphite and dried sage. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW A round red offering fresh, fruity plum flavors, with notes of licorice, fresh herbs and vanilla. Features light tannins and lively acidity. Generous and juicy. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a peppery aroma, showing flavors of dried berry, green herb and green bean. The savory minerality on the finish is fresh and satisfying. END
BEGIN NOW A light and silky white, with refreshing acidity to the soft-textured pear and green apple flavors. A lime hint adds to the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Blackberry, loamy earth, spice and tea leaf notes mix in this balanced red, with light tannins on the aromatic finish. END
BEGIN NOW This generous white delivers round flavors of pear, melon and vanilla, with notes of herb and spice. Shows good weight and just enough acidity for balance. END
BEGIN NOW Honeyed peach and candied citrus flavors feature a note of chamomile and fresh hay, with a smooth body and a juicy core. END
BEGIN NOW Peppery notes accent the cherry, raspberry and lingonberry flavors, all flanked by rich hints of Asian spice. The lithe finish lengthens out with mocha and cream details. END
BEGIN NOW A medium-bodied red, with plum and dried blueberry flavors that have a minty edge. Forest floor notes show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and direct, with concentrated lemon-lime flavors that feature some smoky notes. Juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, with fresh peach and apple flavors, graced by a spicy, floral edge. END
BEGIN NOW A crunchy white, with flavors of apple, pear and quince, flanked by kiwifruit and spice notes. Fresh acidity lingers into the finish, showing hints of lemon zest. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and lively, with easygoing flavors of lemon, tropical fruit and creamy spice. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry and plum flavors are complemented by loamy, smoky and minerally notes in this balanced red. Round, with light tannins and gentle acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty acidity gives the green apple, savory herb and citrus flavors good lift. Notes of ripe lime show on the fresh, direct finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a spicy aroma, with red fruit flavors suffused with elegant cedary notes. Open-textured, showing plenty of minerally details. Turns creamy and plush on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and silky, with pretty pear and spice flavors, persisting delicately. END
BEGIN NOW A lively white, with a briny underpinning to the fresh flavors of McIntosh apple, pickled ginger, verbena and ground white pepper. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Hints of vanilla and oak spice accent the creamed black cherry, wild strawberry and herb-marinated black olive flavors in this firm Lambrusco, with light tannins on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This shows the savory side of Sangiovese, with tar, underbrush and leather accents riding alongside melted licorice and dried black cherry flavors on the fresh palate. Chewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Well-cut and mineral-driven, this offers a fresh palate, with melon, star fruit, tarragon and ground white pepper notes. END
BEGIN NOW A grassy-tasting white, with flavors of ripe melon and citrus. Sea salt and peppery notes emerge on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW A lithe red, with good depth to the dark berry, dried mint and roasted plum flavors. Licorice and baker's chocolate notes power the structured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and fresh, with aromatic spice, floral, graphite and herb accents to the pureed black cherry, black raspberry and smoke notes. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit and balanced, with a lightly smoky base note underscoring the easy-drinking palate of red currant, dried herb and licorice drop. Nero d'Avola, Merlot, Syrah and Cabernet Franc. END
BEGIN NOW The flavors of raspberry ganache and dark plum are boosted by plenty of fresh acidity. The minerally finish is fresh, showing notes of baker's chocolate. END
BEGIN NOW This plump red shows plum and red currant flavors laced with dark chocolate, toast and anise notes. Firm tannins impart grip through the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Blood orange, pomegranate and cherry notes weave together, laced with a hint of sandalwood, giving way to a waft of black tea on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A crowd-pleasing red, with mocha and melted licorice accents, layered with juicy blueberry and blackberry fruit and delivering subtle leather and woodsy spice notes. Offers a bright, tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, medium-bodied red, featuring pureed mulberry and red currant fruit, light tannins and accents of mocha, game and wild herb. END
BEGIN NOW Bright cherry and raspberry ganache flavors are ripe and sweet in this juicy red, accented with vanilla and a touch of fresh herb. Juicy and fresh. Garnacha. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh kiwifruit, green apple and almond notes bounce along, showing a flash of plantain on the friendly finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and open, with breezy bitter cherry and pomegranate fruit lined with hints of anise and singed cedar. END
BEGIN NOW Sleek and polished, with pretty pear and fresh apricot flavors on a smooth frame, lingering well. END
BEGIN NOW Tart cherry, leafy, licorice and loamy flavors mingle in this lean, firm red. The savory notes give way to pretty berry and floral accents on the finish. Focused and fresh. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, with luscious cherry and licorice flavors backed up by plenty of fresh acidity. Smoky notes linger on the firm finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity style, with a backbone of acidity to the raspberry preserves, fresh-crushed plum and wild cherry flavors. Green olive and mocha details show on the broad-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh and crunchy white, with green pear and kiwifruit flavors flanked by notes of green herb. Dried mango accents emerge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Red berry and green herbal flavors mix in this structured red, with intense dark currant notes and a slate-filled finish. END
BEGIN NOW Taut, with herbal aromas and flavors matched to chewy red fruit flavors. Turns juicy and fresh on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A medium- to full-bodied red that offers notes of tarragon and fennel to the dried raspberry and red plum flavors. Smoked paprika accents show on the muscularly tannic finish. END
BEGIN NOW A mix of flowers and spice aromas and flavors highlight this rich white. A tangy grapefruit vein underneath continues on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Elegant and focused, with firm acidity framing the creamy bead and the subtle mesh of ripe strawberry, bergamot, creamed almond and ground ginger. END
BEGIN NOW The black cherry and blackberry flavors are ripe and fresh in this fruity red, backed by chocolate and toast accents, with notes of fresh herbs and licorice. Juicy and fresh, featuring light tannins and lively acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with some creamy hints to the red currant, dried berry and brambly flavors, flanked by cedary notes. Juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This medium- to full-bodied white offers lots of butter and oak notes. Concentrated creaminess softens the edges, supporting a finish filled with white chocolate and spice accents. END
BEGIN NOW A bright, stony version, with a wet pebble note running through the core of melon rind, mirabelle and honeysuckle flavors and holding sway on the finish. Not big, but very pure and engaging. END
BEGIN NOW Features aromas of melon, with flavors to match, balanced by notes of dried apricot and licorice. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and approachable, with tangy wild strawberry and pomegranate fruit, silky texture, light tannins and hints of herb, mocha and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Spicy pipe tobacco augments cherry and cranberry flavors in this bright, sleek version. It's firm and compact, yet long. END
BEGIN NOW Sinewy and full of savory herb notes that are matched to dried berry and red currant flavors. Shows green olive notes on the pure-tasting and fairly tannic finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows good length and power to the dried cherry, dark currant and boysenberry flavors, supported by fresh acidity. Finishes with plenty of sandalwood and spice accents. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp white bursts with tangy passion fruit and grapefruit flavors, accented by herbal and grassy notes. Light-bodied, with mouthwatering acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Very dry, with good structure to the berry and smoked cherry flavors. Notes of cinnamon and white pepper show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW The chewy structure delivers earthy flavors of tar, game and underbrush in this muscular, rather rustic red, with a core of plum and cherry. The finish turns quite floral. Decant. Best from 20142024 through 2024. 27,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing, with juicy pear and floral flavors, finishing on a green note. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, supple and expressive, with well-modulated blueberry and spice flavors that slide easily into a long and well-defined finish. Has deft balance, richness and depth. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and floral, this easy-drinking, balanced white offers appealing notes of ripe apricot, apple blossom, candied ginger and verbena. Zesty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Wild berry flavors are ripe, fresh and juicy, with cedar, herb and red licorice overtones and chewy tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Dark plum and blackberry flavors are framed by tar and underbrush notes, finishing with Asian spice and coffee bean details. 3,000 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW A broad-textured and spicy white, displaying flavors of ripe melon, tangerine and kiwifruit that feature notes of tarragon. This is well-structured, with accents of sage cream and lemon meringue on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Has a slight off-dry hint, with cherry, watermelon and red licorice notes all lingering through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Flavors of apple and pear are fresh and juicy in this straightforward white, which features a clean texture and crisp acidity. This is focused and pure, but not big. END
BEGIN NOW Light and open-textured, dry and refreshing, this offers melon and lemon peel flavors, lingering with bracing acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Velvety, focused and generous, with black cherry and coffee flavors, hinting at dark chocolate as the finish extends. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, creamy and refreshingly balanced, with tobacco-accented pineapple and coconut flavors that come together smoothly and linger well. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and stylish, offering a plump mouthfeel and a mix of creamed Asian pear, vanilla, ground ginger and shortbread, with a fresh finish of modest length. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with lively green apple, kiwifruit and pear skin notes. Offers a slightly tangy, unadorned finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, with juicy red fruit flavors that are supported by fresh acidity. Pepper and green herb notes show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and expressive, a bit raw yet juicy, with black currant and blueberry flavors shaded with notes of toast and peach fuzz as the finish persists. Best after 2016. 262,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Sleek and refreshing, this offers pineapple and grapefruit flavors on a lively frame, persisting nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Plenty of sanguine notes appear in this focused red, with flavors of gunmetal and dried red berry. Features a minerally purity, leading to a tannic finish that echoes with slate and white pepper details. END
BEGIN NOW Raspberry, cherry sauce and plum coulis flavors are carried by a lightly toasted edge, finishing with a twinge of briar on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A light, herb-tinged style, offering yellow apple and green melon rind notes laced with verbena and tarragon, with a fresh, open finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, open-textured and distinctive, with a minty edge to the currant and plum fruit, lingering easily on the soft finish. END
BEGIN NOW A friendly style, with a whiff of shortbread giving way to white peach and straw flavors. Easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A savory red, showing white pepper and green herbal accents to the dense core of dark fruit flavors. Mocha and chocolate accents emerge on the fleshy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, featuring notes of ripe citrus to the baked apple, dried pineapple and mango flavors. Lengthens out midpalate, revealing hints of anise and cream. Spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A savory red, with notes of dried meat to the roasted plum and macerated cherry flavors. Cinnamon and dark chocolate details show on the dense finish, which shows smoky accents. END
BEGIN NOW This features hints of hot spice to the dark cherry and raspberry flavors, with a hint of sweetness midpalate and notes of red licorice on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Spicy and juicy, with ripe peach, melon and dried pear flavors that are joined by notes of mint and tarragon. Assertive baked pineapple hints show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A steely version, with a lively fleur de sel note to the brisk lime zest and kiwifruit flavors that run through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows good focus to the crushed cherry, dried berry and green olive flavors, supported by firm acidity. Graphite and slate details accent the muscular tannins. END
BEGIN NOW This firm white offers pear, melon and menthol flavors, with notes of ginger and fresh herbs lending a savory touch. Generous, with enough structure for food. Verdejo. END
BEGIN NOW A crunchy white, with lime, lemon curd and gooseberry flavors that are flush with bright acidity. Minerally notes emerge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A plump core of strawberry and white cherry is framed by a lightly tangy edge of watermelon rind. Reveals a whiff of tobacco on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity style, with ripe pear and apple tart flavors matched to plenty of spicy notes. Dried mango details show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A great quaff, with lively raspberry and caramel aromas that lead to jammy, easygoing flavors of cherry and sweet spice. Zinfandel, Petite Sirah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW A muscular red, with a mix of dark plum, currant and dried raspberry flavors that feature plenty of dark chocolate notes. Accents of underbrush and dried bay leaf linger on the rich finish. END
BEGIN NOW This fleshy red is filled with dark plum, cherry tart and blackberry flavors that turn creamy. The richly spiced finish features dark chocolate and mocha notes. END
BEGIN NOW This medium- to full-bodied red features a loamy edge to the concentrated flavors of red currant, cream and dried raspberry. Espresso and cocoa powder notes show on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW This features nectarine and green peach flavors that are fresh and lively. Mineral and spice notes carry through to the crisp finish, with smoky hints.  END
BEGIN NOW Bright and floral, exhibiting fennel frond, honeysuckle, verbena and green almond notes. Offers a pure, stony, unadorned finish. Clairette and Roussanne. END
BEGIN NOW Lively spice and white cherry flavors carry plenty of smoky and buttery notes, with baked peach hints on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This white shows a snappy allure, featuring buttery overtones to its apple and ripe citrus flavors, joined by notes of tropical fruit. Spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy red, with cherry tart and red plum flavors matched to hints of curry and ginger. The finish is fresh and zesty. END
BEGIN NOW Black olive, dark currant and dried plum flavors give this red plenty of power and lift. Quite minerally as well, featuring an intense and balanced finish that lingers with fig paste and raspberry ganache elements. END
BEGIN NOW A medium-bodied red, with concentrated red plum and dried berry flavors that are crisp and lively. Sweet paprika and smoky notes fill the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, displaying cherry, raspberry and boysenberry flavors, tinged by tobacco and mineral accents. This is balanced on the firm side, with plenty of fruit to match. Fine length. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a caressing feel, with cherry paste and plum sauce flavors lined with singed apple wood notes, carrying through a perfumy, black tea-filled finish. Soft, but persistent. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and well-structured, with fresh-cut green apple and Bosc pear flavors. Salted almond and mineral notes show on the toasty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and chalky, this light-bodied Riesling offers hints of salinity and petrol underscoring the subtle white peach, Gala apple and star fruit flavors. END
BEGIN NOW There's a nice balance of ripe fruit and crisp acidity in this fleshy red. Plum, licorice and tarry notes mingle with accents of orange peel and fresh herbs. Light tannins support the smooth texture. END
BEGIN NOW This savory white offers briny and herbal notes that frame the pear, mineral and ginger flavors. Features citrusy acidity and good focus. Lively. END
BEGIN NOW This features a supple texture, with flavors of ripe pineapple and apple tart accented by a rich creaminess. Ginger snap and white chocolate details show on the airy, elegant finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers aromas of freshly pressed apples, with a whiff of the sea. Focused and bright, showing fine balance on the lime-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Silky and seductive, with pear and spicy grapefruit flavors on a taut, polished frame, lingering with intensity and brightness on the glowing finish. Impressive for the price. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy version, with a vibrant overtone of red licorice and raspberry to the blackberry, blueberry and cranberry flavors. Smooth, with a nice range of clove, black tea and toast notes. Petite Sirah, Syrah and Barbera. END
BEGIN NOW A brooding red, showing plenty of smoky notes to the dried berry and mocha flavors. Leathery accents appear on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A subtle white, fresh and svelte, offering a mix of savory stone, smoke and salted almond notes, with hints of persimmon and yellow plum fruit. Minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW A soft and minerally white, with a talcum powder feel to the gentle apple and spice flavors, lingering quietly. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and spicy, with clove and nutmeg overtones to the pear and citrus flavors, finishing gently. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth, appealing and medium-weight, with pure fruit, offering cherry and plum flavors on an enticing frame. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and open-textured, with juicy, apricot-tinged pear flavors, lingering easily. END
BEGIN NOW A dry, medium-bodied red, offering sappy black cherry and plum sauce flavors, with dried herb and olive tapenade notes. Balanced, with a moderate finish. END
BEGIN NOW This smooth red offers harmonious flavors of black cherry, dark chocolate, black olive and mineral. Fruity, with an appealing savory element. Modest tannins and firm acidity keep this balanced. END
BEGIN NOW A smoky version, dry and open-knit, with flavors of grilled nut, yellow plum, beeswax and dried apricot set on a lively mousse. END
BEGIN NOW Light and gently sweet, with pear and spice flavors on a polished frame. Lingers pleasantly on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, spicy and modestly flavorful, this is lightly sweet, with prominent flavors of pineapple and clove. END
BEGIN NOW This vibrant, supple red features an elegant frame draped with cherry, black currant and violet flavors. Firms up on the finish, where spice accents linger. Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fragile, with delicately sweet pear and nectarine flavors that keep whistling on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Expressive and open-textured, brimming with pear, apple and floral flavors on a lively structure. A hint of lime chimes in as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Lip-smacking lemon and lemon zest flavors are bright and refreshing in this crisp, light-bodied wine, showing a hint of lemon thyme on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with peach and melon flavors on a creamy frame. END
BEGIN NOW Sage and tobacco notes frame the cherry and earth flavors in this broad red, which is harmonious, showing some depth. Light tannins and gentle acidity support the polished texture. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet and silky, offering a range of orange peel and tangerine accents to the pineapple flavors, finishing with restraint. END
BEGIN NOW A racy, juicy version, offering mouthwatering damson plum, loganberry and red licorice notes, studded with hints of pepper and tobacco. A briary hint adds range on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This white shows good concentration to its melon, peach and apple flavors, with a smooth body and a dose of acidity on the finish, where a lemon thyme detail chimes in. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a succulent mix of citrus and tropical fruit, with Meyer lemon, passion fruit and lemon verbena notes accented by a distinct sea salt hint. Generous and refreshing, with a long, persistent finish. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp and flinty white, offering citrus and green apple flavors filled with zesty acidity. Minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dried golden raisin and baked apple flavors are accented by sage honey and spice. Hints of dried quince emerge on the finish. Ugni Blanc, Colombard, Sauvignon Blanc and Gros Manseng. END
BEGIN NOW Meaty, offering plum, black cherry and spice flavors, including a hint of black pepper. Balanced, with moderately firm tannins and a tangy finish. Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Sangiovese. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe blood orange notes add plenty of zest to the flavors of mulberry, incense and roasted plum. Accents of dried basil show on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Vibrant, with a smooth body and mouthwatering acidity, offering a core of juicy lime, passion fruit, ruby grapefruit and green apple flavors, accented by lemon verbena and spearmint notes. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and inviting, polished in texture, offering pretty pear and tangerine peel flavors that persist pleasantly. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a seductively spicy aroma, with rich, ripe dark fruit flavors of blackberry, dark currant and cherry tart. Dark chocolate and cocoa powder elements emerge on the lush finish, which has good grip. END
BEGIN NOW Presents a rapierlike acidity to the lively grapefruit, lemon-lime and pippin apple flavors that are joined by some floral notes. Hints of flint and dried mint show on the pure-tasting finish. END
BEGIN NOW Expressive up front, offering pretty orchard blossom, star fruit and melon notes, this well-knit white is subtle midpalate, with clean-cut acidity and a hint of fleur de sel defining the finish. Grecanico, Chardonnay, Viognier and Fiano. END
BEGIN NOW Round, offering cherry, strawberry and earth flavors, backed by moderate tannins. Fresh and easygoing. END
BEGIN NOW Firm in texture, with a layer of refined tannins underpinning the pretty currant and blackberry flavors, lingering with a hint of cedar. END
BEGIN NOW The polished texture carries crisp flavors of tart cherry, fresh herb, anise and mineral, supported by light, firm tannins and lively acidity. Graceful, with balanced fruity and savory notes that give way to a spicy, floral finish. END
BEGIN NOW A dark, beefy style, with plum, black currant and tobacco notes backed by chestnut and bay accents on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Redolent of apricot and dried pineapple, this sweetie is full of rich, spicy notes. The honeyed finish features a lush creaminess. END
BEGIN NOW Smoky and tarry notes frame juicy plum and fresh herb flavors in this assertive red. A bit austere now, with firm tannins, but there's good density and a core of fruit. Best from 2015 through 2025. 4,000 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW Mouthwatering, with a fresh, zingy acidity to complement the passion fruit, lime and lemon zest flavors, showing hints of mineral and fresh herbs. Persistent, especially on the long finish. END
BEGIN NOW Floral and fresh-crushed red fruit notes usher in a lively mouthful of plum, pomegranate and black fig flavors. Tarry and spicy details fill the finish, with green herbal accents. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a spicy aroma, with ripe, rich flavors of dark plum, blackberry and cherry. The dried mint and mineral notes are well-balanced, and the finish lingers with chocolate and cardamom accents. END
BEGIN NOW Light, off-dry and silky, with pretty pear, floral and honey hints in the mix. The finish lingers gently. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and direct, showing lime, fennel and white peach notes that lend a twinge of herb to the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dried cherry and gumdrop flavors show hints of smoky earth and a touch of mocha in this medium-bodied, balanced red, with light tannins on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dusty, cedary oak is prominent in this full, richly flavored effort, featuring dense dark berry, plum and gravelly earth notes. END
BEGIN NOW The lightly dusty-edged black cherry and black currant fruit is lined with a graphite note. A hint of lavender chimes in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and juicy, with dark currant, dried blackberry and ripe dark plum flavors, accented by smoky notes. Graphite and hoisin sauce hints emerge on the dense finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh white, with good balance and crispness to the apple, citrus and pear flavors. Subtle oak and spice accents emerge on the clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Modestly varietal, with trim strawberry, raspberry and cherry notes, ending with graphite and crushed rock elements amid the chewy tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty violet and wild strawberry notes accent this fresh, well-balanced red, with light tannins fleshed out by flavors of crushed black raspberry and hints of ground anise, gumdrop and mocha. END
BEGIN NOW This fresh-tasting red sports a lively mix of red berry and plum flavors, lengthening out with notes of white pepper. The juicy finish features some cast iron accents. END
BEGIN NOW This polished red delivers dried cherry, vanilla, candied orange peel and spice flavors in a supple texture, with light, firm tannins and lively acidity. A traditional style. END
BEGIN NOW Marked by firm red plum and raspberry flavors of moderate intensity and depth, this holds focus, ending a bit clipped. END
BEGIN NOW This is rich and round, with pear, apple and grapefruit notes. The finish is almost crisp. 18,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Lush blackberry and boysenberry fruit mixes with gumdrop, dried herb and mocha notes in this balanced, medium-bodied red. Nero d'Avola and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Gentle, slightly plump white peach and straw notes mingle here, with a flickers of lemon zest on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dusty tannins underline the core of cherry paste and damson plum fruit, while notes of violet and lavender fill in on the finish. Grenache, Syrah and Carignan. END
BEGIN NOW This sleek and silky white exhibits pretty pear, green apple and floral aromas and flavors that glide smoothly through the long finish, where they echo enticingly. END
BEGIN NOW Offers savory notes of braised beef to the cherry and plum flavors, with some minerally accents. Smoke and spice details show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows crisp chive, thyme and lime pulp notes, with a fresh, crunchy finish. Refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Focused, showing refined dark currant, chocolate mousse and tar flavors, with impressive tannins. The chewy finish has briary and dried cherry notes. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and zesty, with a smoky hint of toasted nut underscoring the crunchy peach, pear, vanilla and spice notes. Lemon and mineral accents show on the clean, open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a fleshy feel, with cherry paste and plum sauce notes lined with hints of charcoal and lavender. Lightly smoky, but fresh. END
BEGIN NOW Reveals a chamomile and hay overtone to the direct citrus and apple flavors. Juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Solid, with a direct beam of cassis, fleshy plum, toasty vanilla and black licorice notes and a polished, easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Boysenberry and dark plum flavors sport notes of spiced chocolate and ginger. Finishes with cardamom and white pepper details, revealing modest tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Floral and fresh, this offers a lively bead and good cut to the flavors of apricot, pickled ginger and honey. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with dried berry and cherry flavors that are well-spiced. Minerally and peppery midpalate, with cinnamon notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh-tasting white, with snappy flavors of ripe apple, Meyer lemon and Asian pear that feature accents of lush spiciness. Green herb and flint notes emerge on the crisp, balanced finish. END
BEGIN NOW Presents a flavor profile of savory dried berry, crushed rock, rhubarb and wild strawberry that's intriguing but also quite tannic. END
BEGIN NOW Dark and focused, with black cherry and green olive flavors that come together harmoniously against prickly tannins. END
BEGIN NOW This white offers a rich floral aroma, delivering flavors of lemon curd and barley that carry some ripe overtones. Very crisp, ending with a finish of ripe melon and dried mint. An unusual style for the appellation. END
BEGIN NOW Light peach, herb and straw notes mingle here, with a modestly tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively and focused, with spice, floral, pear and lime curd flavors on a sleek frame. Finely tuned. END
BEGIN NOW Rather generic, although soft and juicy, with sweet raspberry and spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Chunky black currant and mulled cherry fruit is studded with dark olive and warm tobacco notes. A lively lavender accent on the finish offsets the gutsy feel. Grenache, Merlot and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Light and easygoing, with pretty pear and floral flavors on a crisp, dry frame. END
BEGIN NOW Hints of bacon fat and plum sauce lead the way in this balanced red, mixing with mocha and spice accents, with a modest finish. Corvina with Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW An aromatic white, with crisp apple and salted almond flavors that feature touches of richness. Cream and spice accents show on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and creamy, this is backed by citrusy acidity and offers flavors of melon ball, orange sorbet and candied ginger. Clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW This features a supple core of red fruit and berry flavors, with notes of tea and allspice. Direct and spicy on the finish, showing accents of black olive. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and inviting, with pear and cream notes vying for attention on a light frame. END
BEGIN NOW Lemony, with accents of orange zest, grapefruit pith and fresh herbs, finishing with minerally notes of crushed rock. Light and crisp on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A light white, with fresh and zesty lemon-lime flavors. Very clean and vibrant, showing some saline notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW An easy-drinking version, balanced and lightly tangy throughout, with modest blackberry, smoky bacon fat and herb notes. END
BEGIN NOW Balanced and creamy in texture, with modest notes of plum puree, apple tart and toasted almond, offering a savory, fleur de sel-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW A jolt of cinnamon and fresh-cracked black pepper aromatics enliven the bright cranberry and wild raspberry flavors, finishing with a juicy, firm core. END
BEGIN NOW A big-shouldered red, with savory notes to the dark plum, currant and cherry tart flavors, flanked by hints of savory spice and dark chocolate. Cedar and spice details fill the robustly tannic finish. END
BEGIN NOW Simple yet pleasant, with ripe pear, citrus and green apple flavors that are easy to enjoy. END
BEGIN NOW A sanguine red, with plenty of iron and hot stone notes to the dried cherry and roasted plum flavors. Finishes with iodine and savory herb accents. Carignan, Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Firm acidity focuses the well-knit flavors of ripe pear, fresh ginger, almond skin and candied lemon zest in this lively sparkler, with a crisp, stony finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers thyme, kaffir lime and kiwifruit notes, with a bright, crackling finish. END
BEGIN NOW A muscular red, offering plenty of smoky notes to the dark plum, dried red berry and raspberry tart flavors. Has some enticing tealike accents, with hints of tapenade that linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A peppery, medium-bodied red, with juicy red plum, berry and red currant flavors. Iron and hot stone accents show on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plenty of baking spice, cedar and campfire aromatics mingle with round, ripe wild berry flavors. Balanced and appealing on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A rich style, with kiwifruit, ripe apple and white cherry flavors, featuring some honeydew melon notes. Hints of cream emerge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with well-spiced flavors of ripe apple and peach preserves. Beeswax notes linger on the ripe finish, along with hints of gooseberry. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh herb and violet overtones show in this appealing, snappy red, with wild berry and grapey fruit flavors at the core. The tannins firm on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has plenty of melon flavors and crisp spicy notes, featuring some peppery accents. The alluring finish shows saline and pastry elements. END
BEGIN NOW Smoky, leafy and gamy notes frame cherry and berry flavors in this lean, firm red. Offers a polished texture, with light tannins, balsamic acidity and a savory character. END
BEGIN NOW A zesty little Zin, with just enough dried cherry, plum, toasty herb and spice flavors to keep this fun and interesting. END
BEGIN NOW This firm white shows muscle and focus, with pear, almond, herb and mineral flavors mingling over mouthwatering acidity. Sturdy enough to match with richer foods. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity white, with touches of richness to the pineapple, melon and ripe apple flavors. Honeysuckle and cream notes linger with hints of sweetness on the fresh finish  END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and zesty, with a hint of earth underscoring the tangy black raspberry, plum and olive tapenade flavors. Offers a lightly chewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW An elegant style, with rose water, cherry and bergamot notes that glide through the subtle yet persistent finish. END
BEGIN NOW The light tannins are meshed with bright notes of cherry, aromatic sandalwood and cocoa powder, accented by flavors of grilled mushroom and herb. END
BEGIN NOW Though slim, this white offers apple, grapefruit and earth flavors on a vibrant frame. A pleasant bitterness marks the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very savory, with notes of dried oregano to the bright plum and wild cherry flavors. Plum and pastry notes show on the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light- to medium-bodied and creamy, with juicy acidity framing the flavors of boysenberry and black cherry fruit, accented by vanilla and herb details. END
BEGIN NOW This racy white delivers expressive flavors of peach, lime and mineral, with accents of flowers and brine. Light but polished, clean and fresh. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, offering floral and hay flashes to the juicy core of apple and citrus notes. END
BEGIN NOW Creamed apple, smoke and apricot flavors, with a hint of fleur de sel, mix in this lightly citrusy white. Balanced and fresh, with a moderate finish. END
BEGIN NOW This lean, tart style has a mineral edge to the red berry flavors, lingering deftly. END
BEGIN NOW This Moscato lacks fizz, but offers plenty of pretty, spicy overtones to the pear and lychee flavors, displaying a light, semisweet character. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and spicy, with licorice and pepper overtones to the firm-textured blackberry flavors, lilting through a harmonious finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, with lemon, lime zest and ruby grapefruit flavors, bursting with juicy acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Crushed red fruit and spice flavors fill this juicy red with plenty of zest. Currant notes linger on the fresh, spicy finish. Merlot, Grenache, Carignan and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy acidity keeps this fresh white focused and lively, underscoring the ripe flavors of mango and pineapple. Herbal and citrus notes add interest. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, plum and herb aromas and flavors combine with light tannins for a straightforward, balanced and accessible style. END
BEGIN NOW A succulent, smooth mix of ruby grapefruit, citrus and melon flavors, with a peachy finish and refreshing acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with ripe apple and pear tart flavors that take on some buttery overtones. Touches of richness appear on the finish of sage and cream. END
BEGIN NOW With air, the plum and cherry fruit emerges, along with almond and earth accents. A cloak of tannins surrounds this for now, but food should make the flavors more accessible. Best from 2015 through 2020. 60,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and light, with lemon verbena-scented citrus and apple notes and a touch of grapefruit and grapefruit pith on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A pretty version, balanced by lemon-tinged acidity and offering floral and spice overtones to the notes of almond biscotti and white peach puree. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a fruity aroma, with delicate cherry, berry and melon flavors that are lightly spiced. Supple finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, vibrant and appealing, with dark berry and herb flavors, finishing with sandy tannins and a hint of sassafras. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, apple-flavored white, with a hint of grapefruit. This is balanced and lingers on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pleasantly trim and spicy, with dried berry, herb, cedar and crushed rock notes. Loses a bit of focus on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This is light, sweet and fizzy, with pretty pear and lemon flavors, finishing with delicacy. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly gripping tannins frame this tangy red, with flavors of black currant, seared mushroom, ground spice and smoke. END
BEGIN NOW This rich, smooth white offers a creamy texture, with ripe, sweet flavors of pear, guava and vanilla. The acidity keeps this lively, bolstered by an interesting briny note. END
BEGIN NOW Exhibits a fresh, vibrant core of green pear and apple fruit, with spice, honeydew melon and light cedar notes, ending with a cleansing aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Vibrant and fragrant, with a tangy core of lime zest, ruby grapefruit and dried pineapple. Juicy and refreshing on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A full-bodied red, with muscular flavors of dark plum, cherry and currant, supported by fresh acidity. Savory herbal notes emerge on the tight finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh version, offering pear, green melon and green almond notes on a plump frame. Shows good zip on the finish for balance. END
BEGIN NOW Damson plum, cherry and vanilla hints weave together, with a plum skin accent framing the finish. Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with a firm texture to the juicy pear and pineapple flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and restrained, featuring a core of blueberry fruit and finishing with a caramel note. Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Grenache. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy and bright, with juicy flavors of fresh lime juice, ruby grapefruit, pineapple and lemon, set on a light, smooth body. END
BEGIN NOW Rich and juicy, with pure, ripe white peach, honeysuckle and nectarine notes, ending with a delicate, mouthwatering finish. END
BEGIN NOW The dark currant and spiced cherry flavors are fresh and juicy in this well-spiced Pinot. Loamy notes fill the broad finish. END
BEGIN NOW An understated version, with a fine bead and bright, well-meshed acidity supporting subtle flavors of white raspberry, Meyer lemon zest, ground ginger and blanched almond. The mineral-tinged finish shows a hint of brine. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and expressive, with explosive pear and lychee flavors mingling harmoniously as they swoop into the polished finish. END
BEGIN NOW Succulent Key lime, melon and green apple flavors are accented by lemon zest and lemongrass aromatics. Juicy and refreshing on the long finish. END
BEGIN NOW Elegant and easy to enjoy, with vivid raspberry and dark berry flavors. Pure and direct. END
BEGIN NOW Concentrated, showing good balance to the dried apple, green fig and pear flavors. Features plenty of buttery notes, with a finish that lingers with sage honey and spice hints. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and inviting, with a crisp feel to the generous melon and citrus flavors, lingering well. END
BEGIN NOW A sharp white, offering grapefruit, pine and almond flavors on a lean frame. Not complex, but refreshing, with a hint of mineral. Think shellfish. Vermentino, Trebbiano and Moscato. END
BEGIN NOW This is direct, with green almond, pear skin and green apple notes that lead to a quick, fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW A light-footed red, offering firm tannins around a fresh center of raspberry and pomegranate fruit, lingering on the taut finish. Merlot, Sangiovese, Syrah, Cabernet Franc and Lemberger. END
BEGIN NOW Enticing, with caressing notes of green almond, pear and verbena, backed by a racy hint of salted butter on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Easygoing, with lemon curd and white peach notes that have a slightly soft edge, persisting through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity style, offering bright cherry, tobacco and black pepper flavors, backed by moderate grip. Firms up on the finish. Sangiovese. END
BEGIN NOW A sinewy, muscular red, with crisp acidity to the dark currant, mint and black olive flavors. Well-structured, delivering notes of cast iron and smoke. Ends with a slate-filled finish, revealing some tarry accents. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit and easy-drinking, with plum, ripe cherry and dried herb notes. The finish shows a touch of ground anise. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with crisp, well-spiced flavors of dark cherry, dried plum and raspberry. The taut finish has some savory herbal overtones. END
BEGIN NOW Light, supple flavors of cherry and red currant are lined with sandalwood and lavender hints, followed by a perfumy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, with lively acidity and floral, pear and citrus notes, lingering generously. END
BEGIN NOW There's plenty of sinew to the dried beef, currant and cherry flavors, supported by firm tannins. Tobacco and cedar accents show on the supple finish. END
BEGIN NOW Broad-textured, with lightly sweet flavors of red peach and Fuji apple, offering squirts of honeysuckle and lemon. Delivers a light, spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Full of juicy red plum and violet flavors, with notes of underbrush that give this added density. Peppery accents emerge on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, sleek and dry, with ginger and lime overtones to the apple flavors, finishing crisp and expressive. END
BEGIN NOW A powerful note of thyme and sage runs through the dark plum, macerated cherry and mincemeat flavors. Intense mocha accents and minty and smoky elements fill the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and tangy, with pear and spice notes playing against lemony acidity, persisting well. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy kirsch and blackberry fruit mingles with light toast and red licorice notes. Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Shows richness to the lemon curd, green peach and sugar pea flavors. Creamy accents linger on the fresh, savory finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers solid plum and currant fruit, with briar and tobacco notes. A light savory edge offsets the toast. END
BEGIN NOW This red is smooth and round, with orange peel and clove accents to the red berry flavors, finishing with generosity. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon, Dolcetto and Lagrein. END
BEGIN NOW A concentrated, lush style, with spice-tinged black cherry and tar flavors. A little plodding in the end. END
BEGIN NOW The crisp lemon and grapefruit flavors are juicy and tart, with a light body, accented by spice and floral notes. END
BEGIN NOW This sports a crisp, savory essence to the dried blackberry, roasted plum and mocha flavors. Black olive and caraway notes enliven the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This white shows depth to the apple, grapefruit and peach flavors, backed by lively acidity. Finishes with a chalky sensation. END
BEGIN NOW The fresh-cut apple and green peach flavors are layered with spice and vanilla notes. The light finish is crisp and just off-dry. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing, with dark berry and floral flavors, finishing with polish. END
BEGIN NOW This features a core of dark plum and macerated cherry flavors, joined by mocha and espresso notes. Finishes with dried berry accents and chewy tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Floral and spicy, with good intensity to the apple, lemon and quince flavors, set on a light, refreshing body and finishing with an appealing touch of fennel. END
BEGIN NOW Rose petal and sandalwood notes accent this creamy Cabernet, with fine-grained tannins providing a supple frame for the hints of chocolate-covered cherry, licorice string and dried marjoram. END
BEGIN NOW Very floral and fragrant, with honeysuckle and chamomile notes that give way to spicy apple, peach and citrus flavors. A smooth white, offering a spicy, juicy finish. Roussanne, Muscat Canelli and Riesling. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy red, with aromas and flavors of raspberry, wild plum and dark cherry, graced by plenty of dark chocolate notes. The lively finish presents a mix of minerally and jammy accents. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a rustic mix of white pepper and fresh-cracked black pepper notes, with raspberry and cherry flavors. The tannins firm up on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, with a toasty frame to the core of tobacco leaf, dark plum and steeped currant notes. The toasty edge lingers on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and inviting, light-footed and crisp in balance, this offers raspberry and herb flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy and lush red, with a bright savory note to the red currant, raspberry and black licorice flavors. Complex and briary accents linger on the supple, creamy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, zingy acidity drives this crisp white, which displays a petrol-tinged base note and hints of melon rind, lemon zest, saline and crunchy white peach. END
BEGIN NOW The pretty strawberry and black cherry fruit is ripe and juicy, leading the way in this fresh red, with a floral overtone. Spiced plum and mocha notes show on the lightly chewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A solid effort, with plenty of zesty black cherry and smoky spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This ripe red is filled with muscular flavors of dark plum, dried currant and mocha. Dark chocolate and mincemeat accents dominate the finish, complemented by plenty of Asian spice hints. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp, clean style, with good richness midpalate, showing off melon, apple and grapefruit flavors. Long, with an underlying salty mineral element. END
BEGIN NOW Meaty, with plenty of sanguine notes to the dark fruit and brandied cherry flavors. Hints of black licorice show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW The roasted peach and Golden Delicious apple flavors are accented by notes of tarragon cream. Offers a broad finish, with hints of smoke of spice. END
BEGIN NOW This red is round and juicy, with lively acidity behind the plum, dried cherry, herbal and earthy flavors. A touch rustic, but fresh and balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Aromatic, with berry, floral and spice notes, this silky, light-bodied red offers raspberry, candied cherry and vanilla flavors that show a hard-candy character yet remain fresh and appealing. END
BEGIN NOW The lively red berry and mulled cherry flavors are juicy, with good punch. A note of white pepper shows on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fruity, with cherry and berry flavors. A hint of earth and tobacco intertwines on the finish, accented by light tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Shows intense mint notes to the dark plum, raspberry and boysenberry flavors. Medium-grained tannins grip the milk chocolate accents on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round and fruity, displaying gooseberry, melon and grassy flavors. This is balanced, finishing with a dash of grapefruit. Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Grigio and Chardonnay. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a solid core of fresh acidity behind the wild berry and cherry flavors, with a crisp texture on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and vibrant, this red shows a supple yet dense texture, with pretty raspberry, tart cherry and vanilla cream flavors. Offers lively acidity and just enough tannins for grip. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry, earth and briar flavors greet the senses in this supple red. Balanced, with fine length and well-mannered tannins on the finish. Sangiovese, Merlot, Petit Verdot and Alicante. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and polished, offering walnut-accented blackberry flavors on a medium-weight frame. Shows juicy acidity on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A mouthwatering white, showing bright acidity and good focus throughout. The flavors of green pear, crunchy white peach, apple blossom and fresh ginger are underscored by a clean stony note. END
BEGIN NOW A cherry flavor marks this red, leaning toward cherry jam on the palate. Fresh and firm, with a good finish. Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, caressing creamed melon and apple notes are backed by a lightly honeyed hint on the finish. Forward and friendly. END
BEGIN NOW This white features intense ripe pear, butterscotch and mango flavors that are balanced and refreshingly rich. Buttery midpalate, showing good acidity behind the fruit and spice character. Smoke and tropical notes fill the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and smooth, this offers pretty blackberry and spice flavors on a supple frame. The finish echoes pleasantly. END
BEGIN NOW The red plum and cherry flavors are generously sweet, with good cut to the meat and forest floor notes. Milk chocolate accents grace the finish. END
BEGIN NOW An aromatic and savory white, offering crushed stone notes to the green apple, lemon curd and lavender flavors. Shows good structure, with lime hints on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, offering medium-grained tannins and concentrated flavors of milk chocolate, roasted fig and blackberry, with hints of tarragon. Herbal details emerge on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW A supple, floral white, with lavender notes to the white cherry, pear and dried apricot flavors. Delicate finish. END
BEGIN NOW Aeration reveals cherry, plum, tea and tobacco flavors. Starts out rich, turning leaner and tighter on the finish. Needs time. Best from 2015 through 2021. 30,000 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW Plum, coffee and light earthy flavors mingle in this solid yet fresh red, with chunky tannins and clean acidity. Not showy, but a good match with food. END
BEGIN NOW The ripe pear and melon flavors lead to a squirt of tangy lemon on the finish. The body is soft and light, accented with spicy notes. END
BEGIN NOW A fruit-forward style, with hints of peach, pineapple and mandarin orange. Fresh and tangy, this light white reveals a floral overtone. Chardonnay, Pecorino, Passerina and Trebbiano. END
BEGIN NOW Dusty tannins and a lightly creamy bead carry flavors of sun-dried black cherry, pomegranate, smoke, ground clove and cinnamon in this lively, balanced version. END
BEGIN NOW The honeycomb, spice, citrus zest and baked apple notes are spicy and round, with a juicy edge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A balanced red, with black currant, underbrush and mocha notes, followed by a spiced finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and balanced, with a stony base note and appealing flavors of melon, pear and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Show good concentration and depth to the snappy dark cherry, mocha and dried berry flavors. Powerful black olive notes chime in, with cocoa powder details lingering on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a firm core of iron-inflected red berry and plum flavors, with lively juniper berry and white pepper notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly green apple and fig notes bounce along, with an off-dry hint, but this stays zippy, with green almond and floral accents lining the finish. END
BEGIN NOW An open-textured red, offering fresh-crushed red berry flavors shaded by notes of tobacco leaf, with a soft and juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, plum, herbal and licorice notes mingle in this chewy red. A bit sharp, but shows lively freshness and good grip. END
BEGIN NOW A clean and peachy-tasting white, with hints of dried apricot and celery root. The flinty finish features some notes of tarragon. END
BEGIN NOW The kirsch and roasted plum flavors are layered with aromatic hints of grilled herb, pudding and bresaola in this bright red, with lightly chewy tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly sweet and juicy, this is balanced by bright and tangy acidity, offering a pleasing array of blackberry coulis, wild strawberry, vanilla and star anise notes. The a mouthwatering finish reveals a hint of cocoa powder. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, with balanced flavors of red plum, dried cherry and shiso leaf. Chewy tannins grace the smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, this grapey version shows cherry and crushed red plum flavors that are flush with notes of allspice, with a crisp, lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp lime, lovage and sel gris notes are focused by bouncy acidity that carries the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with notes of cherry preserves, singed vanilla and red licorice. A touch jammy in the end, but this will have some fans for sure. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy apple and citrus flavors are supported by fresh acidity. Spicy on the finish, with notes of lemon zest. END
BEGIN NOW An angular red, with dried red fruit and dark currant flavors. Accents of black olive, mocha and baker's chocolate provide extra dimensions, revealing ripe notes on the sinewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A graphite note runs straight down the middle of this Dolcetto, anchoring the cherry and spice flavors. Linear and firm overall. END
BEGIN NOW This plump red delivers a mouthful of rich plum, black currant and chocolate flavors, ripe and sweet. The plush texture is supported by chewy tannins and a bright streak of acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Frankly sweet, with pineapple and spice flavors on a light frame, offering apricot and almond details that linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers an aroma of dried berries, with flavors to match, revealing juicy red plum and raspberry notes. Well-spiced on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, polished and distinctive, offering apricot and floral aromas and flavors, finishing with a touch of green apple. END
BEGIN NOW This polished red shows balance and freshness, with firm tannins supporting black cherry, dried herb, smoke and mineral flavors. Not a big wine, but expressive, featuring enough grip for food. END
BEGIN NOW A polished, expressive and inviting red, with black olive-accented dark berry and black tea flavors. The finish lingers pleasantly. END
BEGIN NOW A balanced white, offering a tang of citrusy acidity, deftly layered with subtle flavors of poached apple and pear, fresh straw, stone and ground white pepper, with a moderate finish. Tai Bianco, Pinot Bianco and Pinot Grigio. END
BEGIN NOW Light in style, offering a pleasant mix of creamy lemon and spice flavors, with crisp acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Candied almond, fresh ginger and dried apricot notes mix in this balanced version, with a light and lively mousse. END
BEGIN NOW Dried red berry aromas and flavors feature accents of black licorice and olive. Very firm midpalate, with plenty of pepper and iron notes. The finish shows details of dried herbs and forest floor. END
BEGIN NOW Light and bright, with refreshing pineapple accents to the pear and citrus flavors, finishing with restraint. END
BEGIN NOW Refined, with fine bubbles on a lithe frame, offering hints of lemon curd and pear compote. Shows restraint and elegance. END
BEGIN NOW Rich, with cherry, plum and leather flavors, this red is vibrant and lightly tannic. Balanced, leaving a pleasant astringency. END
BEGIN NOW Firm in texture, with vibrant flavors of blackberry, floral and licorice, smoothing out on the finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot and Petit Verdot. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and polished, this white shows almond, pear and mineral flavors, with good density and light tannins. Not showy, but has some muscle. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, refreshing and appealing, with melon and grapefruit flavors, lingering pleasantly on the dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and deft in style, with taut acidity balancing the moderate sweetness. Offers pear, lime and lime blossom notes on a delicate flavor profile, lingering on the expressive finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively and appealing, offering citrus and raspberry fruit, with spice and cinnamon accents. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe, fleshy style, with lots of plum and fig notes intertwined with black licorice and Christmas pudding hints. An accent of anise adds range to the finish. END
BEGIN NOW The direct plum and steeped red currant fruit is lined with hints of bay and mesquite, picking up a sanguine hint through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, this fresh white offers tart lemon and grapefruit flavors, with light herbal and green banana notes. Simple, but focused and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW The plush texture carries expressive flavors of black cherry, kirsch, chocolate and licorice in this lively red. Stays fresh on the palate, with lively acidity and modest tannins. END
BEGIN NOW This features a solid core, with fleshy roasted plum and blackberry notes, backed by a strong tobacco- and bay-fueled finish, showing a hint of shiso leaf. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with silky texture and vibrant balance to the pear and melon flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Easygoing and zesty, offering dried cherry and roasted herb aromas, with modest plum and mineral flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and polished, offering raspberry and cherry notes that linger softly against moderate spiciness. END
BEGIN NOW A plummy red, with enough ripe fruit to carry the spice, smoke and chewy cedar notes. END
BEGIN NOW A spry red, with well-structured flavors of meat, dark cherry and spice that feature focused dried herbal notes. The muscular finish offers mocha and dark chocolate accents. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fleshy, with ripe cherry and tobacco flavors on a supple frame. END
BEGIN NOW This rich red features ample flesh in the texture, with coffee, cherry and spice flavors, supported by firm, integrated tannins and a long finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dry and tangy, with a smoky base note and flavors of star fruit, anise and green plum, revealing a hint of cherry pit on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, with kaffir lime and asparagus notes and a lightly crunchy feel on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tasty, with open-knit cherry, red currant and plum pit notes, showing a floral hint on the finish. Grenache, Syrah, Merlot and Alicante. END
BEGIN NOW Defined by a dried floral note, with jasmine and lavender nuances, offering a core of clean, juicy green apple, melon and lemon flavors. Crisp and light on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward plum, spice and mocha notes lead in this medium-bodied red, ending with a smoky aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Pear skin, green plum and honeysuckle notes mix here, with a fresh, bright, unadorned finish. END
BEGIN NOW Perfumed strawberry and spiced nut aromas open to juicy citrus and anise flavors in this sparkler. END
BEGIN NOW Has good weight, featuring tangy and lively straw and lemon curd notes, with savory and sea salt details leading to a zip of lemon zest on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, sweet and refreshing, with spicy pear flavors that linger delicately. END
BEGIN NOW Pure and focused, this dense red offers black cherry, black currant, briar and spice flavors. Firm, with plenty of grip on the lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and tangy, with hints of ginger and ground anise accenting the crunchy white peach, blanched almond and mandarin orange notes. Well-balanced. END
BEGIN NOW There's a candied edge to this floral white, offering a core of peach and tangerine fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Shows balance and concentration to the currant, plum, anise, sage and toast flavors, with a firm, full body and polished tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and chewy, this features a solid grip of tannins around a lean core of tobacco and cherry flavors, pushing through on the finish. Best after 2015. Tasted twice, with consistent notes. 215,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW The pepper-infused currant and blackberry fruit is backed by savory and tobacco notes. A sanguine edge lingers on the finish. Not deep, but shows good range and character. END
BEGIN NOW This firm white is sturdy, fresh and balanced, but shows more structure than flavor, with modest apple and peach notes leading to a light waxy finish. Refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Fleshy, offering a creamy edge to the rich plum and cherry puree, with savory hints of cherry pit and spice lining the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with pretty peach and citrus flavors on a light, dry frame. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with hints of lushness to the baked apple, spice and ripe pear flavors. Notes of honey and cream show on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Piecrust and butter hints lead the way, followed by a direct core of creamed pear and green apple fruit, with a rounded, easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, with apple and floral aromatics. Refreshing acidity balances the delicate sweetness. END
BEGIN NOW A subtle version, offering hints of Anjou pear, orchard blossom, lemon meringue and apricot. Balanced and tangy, with a touch of fleur de sel on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh tangerine and white peach notes bounce along, with a hint of lime on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has good zip for the vintage, with a plantain note at the core, lined with light Meyer lemon and chamomile flavors. END
BEGIN NOW The grassy aromas and flavors feature a touch dry mango and savory spice. Offers a languid finish, with touches of smoke. 6,500 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW An appealing, light-bodied and refreshing mix of grapefruit, peach and lemon flavors. Refreshing, with perfumed notes and a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty, with bright acidity backing the spicy pineapple and apple notes. END
BEGIN NOW Very tangy, with lots of chive, thyme and flint notes that ripple through the finish. Not big, but shows good energy. END
BEGIN NOW Sleek and distinctive, with tangerine-accented pear and tea leaf flavors. Comes together smoothly on the lively finish, revealing a salted caramel note. END
BEGIN NOW Shows tangy cherry and blood orange notes, with hints of spice and tea weaving through the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers appealing and chewy notes of blackberry and blueberry, with touches of floral, spice and pepper. END
BEGIN NOW A silky white, with a crisp balance to the lemon meringue and lavender flavors, echoing appealingly on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A forward, zesty white, light-bodied, with grapefruit, lime zest and spice hints. END
BEGIN NOW Plush, with notes of roasted game, toasted oak and spice box to the jammy plum and macerated cherry fruit. A crowd-pleaser. END
BEGIN NOW The accents of fleur de sel and slivered almond are meshed with well-cut acidity and notes of persimmon, biscuit, star anise and stone. A hint of ground cinnamon shows on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fun quaff, with soft, ripe cherry and spicy vanilla flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with an appealing vitality to the green melon, ripe pear and delicately floral flavors, lingering on the focused finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, fresh and appealing, featuring cleanly articulated pear and floral flavors, lingering with transparency on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp style offers fresh watermelon and white pepper flavors, finishing dry. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, with green almond and fig notes, framed by a pear skin edge that echoes gently through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Good raspberry, cherry confiture and plum paste notes take the lead, with a bright, spice-tinged backdrop that keeps this on the higher-toned side of the spectrum. END
BEGIN NOW A smooth version, displaying plum, tobacco and earth flavors. There are still some tannins to shed, but overall this is balanced and long. Sangiovese and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a distinctive crisp and minty edge to the red raspberry, wild cherry and dark currant flavors, with notes of slate. The succulent finish tails off slightly, showing accents of allspice and black licorice. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, spicy and expressive, offering spicy, toasty overtones that push against the lemon curd and apple flavors, lingering enticingly, with a hint of smoke. END
BEGIN NOW Light, bouncy lime and tarragon notes lead to an open, breezy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, offering solid varietal character, with melon, lemon-lime and straw hints. END
BEGIN NOW Light earth and wild herb hints lead to a dark core of plum skin and jammy black cherry fruit, ending with an aftertaste of earth and cedar. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and open-knit, this offers light tannins and subtle flavors of black raspberry, damson plum and licorice, with a lasting note of dried thyme. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh white peach, lemon zest and fennel seed notes lead to a bracing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Baking spice and mocha notes mark the jammy plum and raspberry fruit in this ripe red. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and spicy, hinting at nutmeg as the pear flavors linger on the gentle finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, plush and spicy, with plenty of cream and butter notes to the baked apple and dried apricot flavors. Cinnamon and allspice appear on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly pear and plantain notes lead to a light, rounded, easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and appealing, with a sleek structure and spicy pear and lychee flavors, lingering on the deft finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows fresh citrus peel, straw and white peach flavors, with a gentle finish. END
BEGIN NOW Mocha and cherry aromas lead to an easygoing plum, spice and herb flavors. Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, with a slight sweetness balancing the lemony pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with concentrated guava, dried mango and ripe apple flavors, fringed by rich notes of butterscotch and spice. Shows firm richness on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with good peach and anise notes that show a light hint of brioche on the finish, remaining fresh. Viognier, Roussanne and Grenache Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and satiny, with pretty pear and floral flavors set on a light, moderately sweet frame, lingering gently. END
BEGIN NOW Forward notes of spicy pear, melon and lemon mark this fresh, medium-bodied white. Juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW On the plump side, featuring lime zest, green plum and white peach notes, with a rounded mouthfeel. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with spring herb and light floral notes adding breadth to the moderate lemon curd fruit character. END
BEGIN NOW Round and spicy, with peach and floral notes to the apple and citrus core. END
BEGIN NOW Light, with blanched almond, white peach and floral notes. Shows good zip on the finish but remains a touch shy on depth. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, breezy style, showing lime custard and green almond notes, with a bright, easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, sweet and appealing, with pretty pear and floral flavors, persisting on the light, satiny finish. END
BEGIN NOW A solid country red that offers ample dark plum, cherry, spice and herbaceous underbrush notes. END
BEGIN NOW This is filled with floral notes, with crisp acidity to the white cherry, melon and gooseberry flavors. Orange peel accents grace the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, this fresh style offers grapefruit and herb flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This tangy, light-bodied version offers hints of persimmon, candied lemon zest, star fruit and melon rind, with a lightly spiced finish. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp white offers citrus and herbal flavors that finish with hints of ginger and almond. Fresh, even tart, and a pleasant match with shellfish. END
BEGIN NOW Tropical fruit, herbal and grassy flavors fill this crisp, rustic white, with chalk and lemon-lime notes that extend on the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a light pink rose color, with soft strawberry, melon, underbrush and white chocolate notes. END
BEGIN NOW Pungent, with kiwifruit and grapefruit notes, this assertive white has a ginger accent, with sharp acidity coursing through the firm texture. Muscular. END
BEGIN NOW This white offers a light yet zesty mix of chervil, sea salt and Key lime flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This muscular white delivers ginger, toast, tarragon and light pear flavors. Shows grip and firm acidity. Rather austere in character. Macabeo and White Grenache. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, featuring pear and citrus flavors that dance deftly through the well-modulated finish. END
BEGIN NOW This balanced and crowd-pleasing version is fresh and tangy, showing notes of green pear, blanched almond, apricot and blood orange. END
BEGIN NOW Alternatively taut and ripe, with spiced apple, wild plum and gooseberry flavors that tail off quickly on the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light cherry and strawberry notes get a watermelon kick on the slightly off-dry finish. A charming style. END
BEGIN NOW Light and silky, with pretty boysenberry and floral flavors, lingering softly. END
BEGIN NOW Brewed tea, dried chamomile, peach and poached pear flavors are soft and appealing, with a touch of refreshing acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Toasty and spicy, this presents lemon, apple and melon notes, with firm acidity and good concentration. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, offering pear skin, melon, citrus and chalk notes that follow through on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and refreshing, with melon, lemon and lemon thyme notes up front. Direct and juicy on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Features a round profile, with cherry, tobacco and subtle licorice flavors. Straightforward and balanced on the soft side. END
BEGIN NOW Shows good weight to the citrus-imbued apple and wild cherry flavors, which linger on the spiced-filled and crunchy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, with a lively bead and a sappy quality to the flavors of black cherry coulis, gumdrop, strawberry preserves, blanched almond and lemon zest. Lightly smoky. END
BEGIN NOW Vividly floral, with apple blossom, honeysuckle and peppery overtones to the tangy apple, peach and pear flavors. Juicy finish. Chenin Blanc, Malvasia, Muscat, Sauvignon Blanc and Riesling. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and spicy, showing ripe pear, melon and tangy citrus flavors, with a refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and spicy, with pretty lychee and pear undertones to the fizzy structure, finishing with a good balance of sweetness and tang. END
BEGIN NOW Unusual flavors range from mint to chocolate, with a bit of cherry to pull them together. Soft-textured and appealing. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh herb and floral notes surround a core of crisp lemon, green apple and lime flavors, with very juicy acidity. END
BEGIN NOW This is filled with cherry and wild plum flavors that have some peach notes. Spice and ripe apple accents show on the finish, delivering hints of fresh pastry. END
BEGIN NOW The flavors of pear cobbler, peach puree and candied lemon zest are well-balanced by fresh, juicy acidity. Creamy. END
BEGIN NOW Light and soft, with pretty pear and floral flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A supple texture carries the pretty flavors of berry, cherry, tobacco and vanilla, backed by light tannins and fresh acidity. Well-balanced and lively. END
BEGIN NOW A vinous version, showing an array of ground spices, with well-meshed flavors of sun-dried cherry, macerated plum, toasted almond and subtle balsamico. Lively, with a creamy bead. END
BEGIN NOW This generous white shows ripe pear and apple flavors, deepened by spice and coconut, with lively hints of orange peel and ginger. Bold but harmonious. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied, with melon and citrus flavors and a juicy, crisp edge, offering notes of fresh-cut grass and herbs on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This lush version is full of juicy flavors of cherry and raspberry, with accents of honeydew melon and cardamom. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp apple, pear, lemon and peach flavors have an appealing, tangy acidity, with spicy tea notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This light white mixes stone fruit, tangerine, lemon peel and chive undertones. END
BEGIN NOW Lemongrass and lime zest notes up front are fresh and vivid, with a light body and crisp acidity to the pear, peach and lemon notes within. END
BEGIN NOW A minerally white, with dried berry and currant flavors. Offers a hint of savory dried herbs on the zesty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Charming ripe apple, peach and tangerine notes are ripe, juicy and fragrant, with the acidity keeping the flavors fresh. Chenin Blanc, Moscato, Malvasia, Riesling and Sauvignon Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and minerally, with green peach, fresh-cut apple and dried mint flavors, featuring a snap of licorice. Steely finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, sleek and soft, with a hint of kiwifruit among the pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Features a touch of honeyed ripeness to the ripe apple and lemon curd flavors, showing fresh herbal cut on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Sleek and lively, offering juicy poached plum and vibrant berry flavors set on a light frame. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy peach flavors add some interest to the core of lemon-citrus flavors, with a touch of lemon pith and a spicy note on the refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, this offers refreshing pear and grapefruit flavors that dance delicately. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and fresh, with flavors of lime and kumquat matched to baked pineapple notes. Delivers a light and spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW The vanilla and cream flavors mingle with peach, orange peel and almond notes in this distinctive white, offering an alluring blend of fruit, spice and bitter elements. Not a big wine, but makes a statement nonetheless. END
BEGIN NOW This has a brambly feel throughout, with a direct core of pepper, tobacco and steeped black currant fruit. END
BEGIN NOW The tasty lemon, grapefruit, lime and melon flavors have a refreshing zip of acidity, offering floral and herb highlights. END
BEGIN NOW A medium-bodied and minerally white, with fresh-cut green apple and Bosc pear flavors accented by lemon zest notes. Hints of herbs and sea salt grace the laserlike finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's good intensity and snap to the peach, lemon, apricot and apple flavors, with a touch of toast and a juicy, lemony finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively and appealing, offering sleek pear, green apple and spice flavors, persisting well on the deftly balanced finish. END
BEGIN NOW This white shows peach, lime and almond flavors in a polished texture, backed by juicy acidity. Spice and herbal notes linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A light, floral style, with peach, apricot and spice flavors that feature a concentrated spiciness. Ripe green herbs flash on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Features ripe pineapple and guava flavors, with a hint of dried mango lending this a tropical edge. A note of lemon curd lingers on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Notes of mineral and wild underbrush mark the ripe lemon and yellow melon flavors, giving the solid finish plenty of wild character. END
BEGIN NOW The modest lemon and grapefruit pulp notes are backed by a flash of straw. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and forward, with bold peach, anise and melon flavors, showing a good bolt of apricot on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy lemon, peach and apple flavors are ripe and juicy, with a smooth body and a lip-smacking finish. Kosher. END
BEGIN NOW Aromatic, floral and spicy, with pretty apple and lychee flavors on a light, dry frame. END
BEGIN NOW Light and ingratiating, with pretty red berry and floral flavors, finishing with refinement. END
BEGIN NOW Direct and fresh, offering plum and cherry fruit lined with notes of toasty vanilla and anise. Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Malbec and Petit Verdot. END
BEGIN NOW Pure and refreshing, this delivers a delicate beam of citrus, green apple and honeydew melon. END
BEGIN NOW Firm in texture, with grippy tannins around a sappy core of black currant and licorice flavors. Best from 2014 through 2017. 15,000 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW This earthy red mixes ripe currant and cherry notes with underbrush, game and tobacco hints. The fruit returns for the finish. Nero d'Avola and Nerello Mascalese. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, balanced and smooth, showing tangy peach, citrus and pear notes, with a spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Hints of game and spice lead to a solid core of crushed black cherry and dark plum notes backed by medium tannins. END
BEGIN NOW This rich red reveals a bitter side, showing cherry, earth and leather flavors. Vibrant and moderately long. Best from 2015 through 2021. 20,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW An aromatic red, with plenty of minty overtones to the well-spiced dark plum flavors. The juicy finish shows fine density. END
BEGIN NOW The melon, peach and citrus notes mingle with a floral detail, displaying spice and herb touches on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW A supple red, with stewed plum and spice flavors moving smoothly through the earthy finish. Best from 2015 through 2018. 15,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Light-footed, with pretty black cherry and floral flavors that pick up a mild buzz of tannins on the lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW On the herbal side, with a fresh whiff of cut grass and lemon thyme giving way to the juicy core of lemon and grapefruit flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This light-weight red offers cherry flavors tinged with black pepper notes. Fresh and balanced, this is best enjoyed slightly chilled, with salumi and mild cheeses. END
BEGIN NOW A mix of cherry, plum, tobacco and earth is boosted by bright acidity in this red, which is smooth, lent texture by the light tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, with racy flavors of grapefruit, mineral, lentil and spice supported by zesty acidity. Hints of crushed violet and freesia grace the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, with a light fizz to the pear and floral flavors. END
BEGIN NOW The sassafras, steeped black cherry and plum skin notes are backed by a slightly chewy, briary finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and fresh, with crushed wild berry, spice and light cedar hints backed by juicy acidity and a solid fruit-filled finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with yellow apple, melon and light toast notes balanced by a juicy feel on the finish. A fresh, crowd-pleasing style. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and appealing, this delivers peppermint overtones around a core of light-bodied raspberry and mocha flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A jammy red, with blackberry, blueberry and wild plum flavors, featuring notes of violet and currant. Cocoa powder and coconut accents flash on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW The lively white pepper and violet notes run through a core of lightly mulled plum and blackberry fruit. A dusty feel frames the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A polished red, with ripe currant and floral flavors on a fleece-textured frame, lingering gently on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright lemon, white asparagus, thyme and sweet pea flavors mingle in this lively, well-defined white. END
BEGIN NOW Offering a floral aroma, with pretty flavors of crushed red fruits, this has a pleasant dryness, showing good intensity to the wet stone and slate flavors. The firm finish features a citrus element. END
BEGIN NOW This dark red shows leather, tobacco and medicinal herb notes to the rich dark cherry and wild blackberry fruit. Bitter, with a firm aftertaste of cherry skin. END
BEGIN NOW Vivid and bright, with juicy, intense Key lime, passion fruit and fleshy nectarine flavors, delivering a good jolt of acidity. END
BEGIN NOW A light espresso thread runs through the core of gently mulled plum and blackberry fruit. Features a juicy edge, with a hint of graphite on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A gamy note leads off in this jammy red, followed by ripe plum and candied cherry fruit. Round, revealing a hint of herb on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and succulent, with a juicy body, featuring passion fruit, lime and green melon notes. END
BEGIN NOW A charming sparkler, with strawberry, cherry and watermelon flavors, offering a fresh, lingering finish that shows a light bergamot note. END
BEGIN NOW Light and polished, with pretty pear and floral flavors, finishing with a hint of toast. END
BEGIN NOW A whiff of fresh herb notes gives way to juicy lemon, lime and orange zest flavors, with a refreshing, racy acidity. END
BEGIN NOW A pungent style, delivering thyme, chive and asparagus notes, with a tangy, citrus-edged finish. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp, firm red shows a gunflint note to its plum and dried berry flavors, revealing a tannic bite. The fresh, focused finish shows a minerally allure. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly and forward, with grapefruit and kiwifruit notes mixing with a flash of straw on the open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW The apple blossom, spice and crisp citrus notes are balanced, softly juicy and harmonious on the long finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows good zip, with lime, thyme and kiwifruit pulp notes, followed by a flash of fleur de sel on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, vivid and inviting for its juicy blackberry and cherry fruit, persisting right through the open-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Displays good fennel, peach and nectarine notes, with a flash of green almond to keep the finish lively. Viognier, Grenache Blanc and Roussanne. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy and refreshing, with clean and crisp flavors of lime, passion fruit and citrus, offering a focused finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with juicy pear and spice flavors that linger on the soft finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and jammy, with appealing notes of dried plum, black pepper and grilled anise. END
BEGIN NOW Shows good ripeness for the vintage, with grapefruit and lemon notes mixed with flecks of fennel, fleur de sel and gooseberry. Features a vivacious finish. END
BEGIN NOW A jammy red, delivering ample dark plum, cedar and light olive paste notes that lift the round finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and tangy, offering a mix of mandarin orange, green melon and guava notes. Fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Features a mix of herb and sea salt notes, with full white peach and melon rind hints, all backed by a flicker of straw on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A base note of blanched almond meshes with dried apricot and candied orange zest in this fresh white. Lightly smoky, offering a moderate finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with restraint to the pear and bitter melon flavors. END
BEGIN NOW The spicy quince and Asian pear flavors rest on a crisp, juicy body, with plenty of lime zest and grapefruit notes, especially on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tart and zingy, with delicate lime and pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy blend of green apple, green papaya, pear and lemon flavors balanced on a crisp frame. END
BEGIN NOW A well-cut crowd-pleaser, with lightly juicy flavors of cassis, blackberry and wild strawberry accented by hints of anise, vanilla and graphite. END
BEGIN NOW The white peach and lime notes are accented by sea salt and citrus zest in this ripe white. END
BEGIN NOW The bright notes of lemon, pear and pineapple are balanced on a crisp frame, with fragrant Meyer lemon zest on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pear, green almond, fresh herb and floral notes mingle in this round, smooth white. Smoke and mineral notes add interest, while firm acidity maintains focus.  END
BEGIN NOW Supple and lightly aromatic, with accents of tea rose and spice box, followed by flavors of grilled plum, dried currant and spice, culminating in a moderate finish. END
BEGIN NOW This red leads with a licorice note, giving way to juicy plum and kirsch flavors that expand with hints of tobacco and smoke on the robust finish. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty, offering lots of spice, with notes of dried cherry, underbrush and herb. END
BEGIN NOW Dry and toasty, with roast hazelnut, white peach, oyster shell and ground ginger notes. Well-balanced and lightly frothy in texture. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy white, with bright acidity and lean lemon, lime and green apple flavors. A note of fresh thyme graces the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW An aromatic white, sporting perfumed lemongrass, lime leaf and citrus zest notes balanced on a crisp yet chalky frame. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and spicy, with a dark berry core and peppery overtones. END
BEGIN NOW Taut, with good focus to the licorice-accented blackberry and floral flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and juicy, with delicate floral notes to the white plum and berry flavors. A dried apricot hint lingers on the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This red is dense yet supple, with black cherry, blackberry and licorice flavors backed with savory notes of herb and game. Features smooth tannins and a vanilla-accented finish. END
BEGIN NOW This open-knit white weaves spring herb notes with juicy lemon-lime and creamed white peach flavors that linger on the solid finish. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and focused, this white delivers pear, herb and wax notes, with brisk acidity. Modest, but a fresh partner for food. END
BEGIN NOW A sleek, focused style, evoking baked apple, spice and subtle caramel flavors. A bitter grapefruit element graces the finish. Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Grigio and Chardonnay. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and soft, with pear and citrus flavors that linger delicately on the lightly sweet finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe black plum, dark cherry and spice box notes mark this fresh, medium- to full-bodied red, which finishes with a floral- and mineral-tinged aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Offers appealing notes of citrus, green apple, white flowers and cream, with a complex and lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lean and refreshing, with juicy flavors of lemon-lime and peach, offering floral and grassy herbal tea details on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy, forward style, offering a mix of blackberry, black cherry and damson plum fruit, with a good lacing of black licorice on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows touches of richness to the wild berry, currant and cherry flavors. The plush finish is filled with plenty of mineral and spice, with creamy notes. END
BEGIN NOW This red sports a savory edge to the ripe plum and dark currant fruit, weaving in hints of underbrush, olive and iron. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a fresh, direct beam of black cherry preserves and black licorice, with a light briary twinge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe version, offering zesty melon and lemon cream pie notes, with pleasant herb undertones carrying the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has a good core of plum and black cherry fruit, with lightly firm tobacco and singed vanilla bean notes running along the edges. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and spicy, with baked apple and ripe white cherry flavors that feature some lushness. Vanilla and pastry notes appear on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, with a coating of dark cocoa and toast leading the way, followed by medium-weight plum and black currant fruit. Roasted cedar and cocoa hold sway on the finish, leaving a slightly firm feel. END
BEGIN NOW A forward version, offering open-knit lime, tangerine, lemongrass and sea salt notes that follow through to the juicy finish END
BEGIN NOW A gauzy white, with peach pie and baked apple flavors that feature hints of candied basil and sage. Finishes with notes of quince compote. END
BEGIN NOW A grippy style, with a graphite edge from start to finish that pushes the muscular core of dark currant, blackberry and espresso along. A loamy hint shows on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and fresh, this red offers black cherry, leafy, tobacco and tar flavors, with light, chewy tannins and lively, almost tart, acidity. A bit austere, but balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with open-knit lemon zest, white peach and chamomile notes. Offers a fresh, easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This jammy red offers flavors of wild blackberry and strawberry that are rather plush and full-bodied, with details of spice and dried herb on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and spicy, displaying a mineral edge to the cherry and smoke flavors, finishing with restraint. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and tasty, delivering zesty white grapefruit, green melon and fine chalk notes that linger in the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and inviting, with dark blueberry, black currant and plum fruit melded at the core, while licorice, violet and toasty vanilla notes fill in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pear, dried apple, ginger and light herbal flavors mingle in this white. Smoke and citrus keep the finish focused. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe yet cut, with well-integrated acidity supporting the mineral-tinged cherry and currant fruit character. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp white shows some density, with layers of apple skin, ripe melon and blanched almond that lead to an aftertaste of citrus zest. END
BEGIN NOW Very spicy, featuring clove, sassafras and black tea notes harmonizing with the fresh raspberry flavors, lingering on the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, with good crunch to the thyme, lime and sea salt notes. The finish has a lingering tang. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy red, with easygoing cherry and herb flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and silky, with a hint of peach to the flavor profile. END
BEGIN NOW An easygoing, juicy red, with primary plum and blueberry notes mingling with spice, floral hints and light tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Aromatic, floral and very peachy, with fresh fruit notes, a citrus edge and details of herbal tea. Offers bold flavors and refreshing acidity. Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc, Grenache Blanc and Princess. END
BEGIN NOW An open and honest version, delivering fresh cherry, currant, game and light mineral notes on a medium-bodied, easy-drinking frame. A hard to find value for this varietal. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, with a refined bead and subtle notes of blanched almond, honeysuckle, quince and zesty spice. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plum, black currant, smoke and pleasant herbaceous undertones mingle in this medium-bodied red, finishing with a floral hint. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and refreshing, with pretty pear and floral flavors that linger gently on the lightly sweet finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and silky, with pretty pear, melon and spice flavors woven tightly and lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW This medium-bodied white offsets fleshy Golden Delicious apple and yellow melon fruit with undertones of salted butter and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Lime, grapefruit and melon rind notes are framed by grace notes of sea salt, straw and flint. Fine-tuned, with a focused finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has a lightly firm coffee streak running through the core of plum and black cherry fruit, with a modest finish. Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW This supple red offers nicely focused flavors of black cherry, fresh herb and smoke, with a plump texture and just enough tannins for grip. END
BEGIN NOW This light yet ripe white features creamy lemon, melon and light chalk notes. END
BEGIN NOW Very crisp, with a briny edge to the concentrated lemon-lime flavors and plenty of spicy notes in the mix. Citrus oil echoes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW The ripe citrus, melon and light Anjou pear notes are offset by juicy acidity and a savory edge to the sea salt-accented finish. END
BEGIN NOW A light, zesty white, offering enough crunchy green apple, grapefruit and spring herb notes to carry the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and light, with tasty honeysuckle, lime and kiwifruit pulp notes. Offers a lively feel. END
BEGIN NOW A forward white, offering juicy citrus, crisp green apple and undertones of fine herb. END
BEGIN NOW Aromatic, with pretty honeysuckle notes adding elegance to the crisp, juicy peach and Key lime pie notes. Offers a juicy, refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished to a gleam, reflecting pineapple-accented lime and green apple flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Offers appealing tangy peach and citrus flavors, with touches of orange blossom and honeysuckle. Juicy on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dark cherry, black raspberry and underbrush notes mingle in this medium- to full-bodied red, with moderate tannins and spice notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and focused, with a racy core of red and green apple fruit, laced with hints of anise and honeysuckle. The lively finish has off-dry hints, but stays bouncy. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and lively, with a hint of sweet apple and citrus fruit, complemented by notes of toasty yeast and spice. END
BEGIN NOW A solid, medium-bodied red, balancing ripe plum, dark cherry, tobacco and cured olive notes. This is plenty ripe, with a juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW The fragrant candied violet notes and pomegranate flavors show a juicy edge and spicy cedar details, offering up a mouthful of tannins. END
BEGIN NOW This suave red offers tangy layers of cassis, crushed cherry, licorice and mocha notes on a full yet silky frame. There's grip, but the finish delivers ample fruit, spice and toasty oak notes. END
BEGIN NOW The vibrant flavors of boysenberry, blackberry and plum pudding are lush and flanked by notes of vanilla and cinnamon. Dark chocolate and pepper accents enliven the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh-cut Granny Smith apple, kiwifruit and lime flavors race along here, with a juicy green plum note on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This fruity red shows black cherry, plum, light chocolate and leafy flavors in a round texture, with light tannins and fresh acidity. Straightforward and lively. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and moderately sweet, with pretty pear and floral flavors, finishing with delicacy. END
BEGIN NOW A taut white, offering a floral aroma and flavors of peach and green nectarine, with hints of shiso leaf. Saline and crushed stone notes extend on the direct, crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW The roasted lemon and apple flavors have firm acidity and spicy and floral details in this straightforward, refreshing style. END
BEGIN NOW Smoky and leafy aromas give way to black cherry, herbal and anise flavors in this lean, smooth red. Offers light tannins and juicy acidity, with a fresh, herbal finish. END
BEGIN NOW A crunchy white, with a smoky edge to the flavors of green apple and savory herb. Finishes with notes of flint that show some spicy accents. END
BEGIN NOW Pale-colored, this resembles a Vin Gris, with peppery accents to the modest flavors. END
BEGIN NOW On the lean side, with tart cherry, rhubarb and tea flavors. The structure is there, and overall this is well-proportioned and moderately long. END
BEGIN NOW Light, with modest floral, Meyer lemon and chamomile notes and an easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A bold California style, offering big aromas of toasty oak and tropical fruit, with easygoing flavors of lemon and apple that show lots of spice. END
BEGIN NOW Vibrant, with thickly tannic wild berry flavors, full of spice and tobacco details. A peppery note weaves in and out, lingering on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly sweet, with hints of pineapple and grapefruit on the refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy flavors of pineapple and mango are accented by ginger and smoky notes in this broad white, with just enough acidity to carry the generous body. END
BEGIN NOW The tangy lemon and green apple flavors are juicy and refreshing, with touches of apple blossom and lemongrass. END
BEGIN NOW Tarragon, thyme and chive notes mingle in this herbaceous version, with a backdrop of lemon zest that hangs through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and crisp, with subtle poached apple, candied lemon zest and ginger notes. A hint of pastry adds some richness to this version, which leans toward the austere. END
BEGIN NOW A gamy note gives way to black cherry, smoke and cedar flavors in this supple red. Light, firm tannins and crisp acidity lend focus and grip. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and direct, with good McIntosh apple, ginger and cardamom notes. Features an open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively aromas of citrus and cinnamon roll lead to crisp flavors of apple, tropical fruit and spiced nuts in this fun bubbly. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and lightly sweet, with fresh hints of mint and basil accenting notes of green melon and lime zest. Balanced and appealing. END
BEGIN NOW Light, dry and inviting, with pretty pear and citrus flavors, lingering easily. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, light and vibrant, with juicy, tangy pineapple and pear fruit, picking up floral notes as the off-dry finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and silky, with pretty pineapple and grapefruit notes that echo nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, offering a juicy hit of raspberry and white pepper that dances through the expressive finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and soft, with sweet pear and floral flavors, lingering deftly. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy cherry and plum flavors are accented by herbal, anise and smoky notes in this smooth red. Light tannins and crisp acidity lend balance and enough structure for food. END
BEGIN NOW Light and sleek, with green pear and lime flavors that linger gently. END
BEGIN NOW This focused red offers cherry, berry, herbal, vanilla and light smoky flavors. Light-bodied, but supported by firm tannins. Good acidity maintains liveliness, and a floral finish adds interest. END
BEGIN NOW Light, with zingy grapefruit peel and apple flavors, finishing with a silky feel. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh white, exhibiting notes of lemon curd, chalk and fresh-cut spring herbs that are well-balanced on a crisp yet persistent frame. END
BEGIN NOW Black pepper and olive notes add a savory element to the cherry and plum flavors in this solid red. Shows firm tannins and slightly tart acidity, with a finish of smoke and herb. END
BEGIN NOW Light and appealingly pure, offering lime-scented pear and citrus blossom flavors, lingering gently. END
BEGIN NOW Light, vibrant and distinctive, with passion fruit and green apple flavors, finishing with a deft balance. END
BEGIN NOW Refreshing, with pretty lime and pineapple flavors, finishing bright. END
BEGIN NOW This plump red offers flavors of black cherry, herb, anise and smoke, all with good focus. The moderate tannins and fresh acidity are well-balanced, with a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and sleek, with pretty pear and lime flavors, offering a tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and silky, with pretty, delicate pear, floral and spice flavors, lingering gently. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry and red plum flavors have good definition in this lively red, backed by crisp acidity and light herbal notes. Light-bodied, with a round, gentle texture. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, offering tangy, lip-smacking notes of peach, lemon and melon, with spicy notes and a medium body. END
BEGIN NOW This white offers bracing austerity, with herbal, smoke, mineral and brine flavors accented by tart acidity and a touch of spritz. Refreshing, and matches well with food. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and direct, with good McIntosh apple, ginger and cardamom notes. Features an open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet and silky, this white shows a tangerine edge to its pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This sparkler is soft, with pretty dried cherry, strawberry and muddled watermelon notes, followed by a light mint lacing on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A robust red, with plenty of rich, smoky notes to the ripe plum, spiced cherry and blackberry flavors. Shows a good snap of raspberry and chocolate on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry, blueberry and toasty notes show some depth in this ripe red. Light, firm tannins and crisp acidity are nicely balanced. END
BEGIN NOW This creamy, balanced white features peach, apple and grapefruit flavors. Gains firmness on the finish, where a citrus peel note reigns. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy and balanced, offering fruit notes of steeped black cherry and black currant, with accents of licorice snap, graphite, ground anise and bay leaf. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with red plum and dried berry flavors. Some leafy notes carry through to the slightly smoky finish. Agiorgitiko. END
BEGIN NOW Light tropical fruit notes underpin the juicy grapefruit, straw and mineral character. Round, with solid length. END
BEGIN NOW An atypical, very dark and jammy Pinot Noir, with crushed black cherry, plum sauce and grilled fig notes, woven with baking spice and smoke hints. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty aromas and flavors of honeysuckle are joined by notes of ripe peach, apple tart and pear. Soft and spicy, with some creamy notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This sparkler has light pear and green plum notes, with a nice kaffir lime edge on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW This forward, open-knit white shows Honeycrisp apple, pastry and light melon flavors, which glide through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, friendly style, with a bright floral edge leading the way for yellow apple, pear and verbena flavors. Stays juicy and focused through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Rich and round, sporting peach and apricot aromas and flavors. Focused by a note of citrus, this leaves a mouthwatering impression. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, refreshing green apple and papaya flavors are smooth and juicy, with peppery details on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A subtly rich white, with floral hints to the apple tart and meringue flavors. Vanilla notes enliven the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and cut, with a creamy edge to the pineapple, Honeycrisp apple and citrus fruit that picks up spice and chalk on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Mouthwatering acidity carries bright fruit flavors of pear, pineapple and fresh herbs in this juicy white, which is racy, light and crisp. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fresh, with light yellow apple and pear fruit backed by a hint of melon rind on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Direct, with a textbook pear and yellow apple core framed with a lightly toasted brioche note. Finishing with a plump feel. END
BEGIN NOW Flint, spice and vanilla lead to ripe melon, citrus zest and guava notes that turn toward a smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and open-textured, with pretty pear and nectarine flavors that ride on a delicate frame. Offers just enough acidity to stay fresh. END
BEGIN NOW Offers an interesting mix of minerality and savory herbs, with apple flavors and a light citrus note. Features hints of richness of the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh white peach and green almond notes mingle in this floral-framed white, with a flash of melon rind on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Spicy, with crisp acidity framing flavors of cherry, fresh plum and dried cranberry. Hints of dried rosemary and smoke crop up on the modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's a perfumed ripe pear note to the fruity spritziness in this zesty white. The finish features tropical fruit notes. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and open-knit, this shows flavors of melon, candied lemon zest and stone. Moderate finish. Tai Bianco, Pinot Bianco and Pinot Grigio. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, plum, meat and earth notes mingle in this savory red, which has some density, with balanced tannins and acidity giving structure. A bit rustic, but solid. Tempranillo and Garnacha. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and vivid, with lip-smacking tangerine, melon and lemon flavors. Fresh, grassy notes come in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A broad white, with shy aromas and flavors of peach and melon. Finishes with a touch of citrus peel. END
BEGIN NOW Jammy, yet remains fresh, with ample acidity backing dark cassis and blackberry compote flavors that expand with light sandalwood and licorice notes. END
BEGIN NOW Dry and tart, this shows fresh grapefruit character at the core, hinting at candied pineapple notes as the finish completes the picture with zip. END
BEGIN NOW Very brisk, featuring lemon zest and gooseberry notes followed by a tangy finish. Pure, but a touch shy on depth. END
BEGIN NOW Very fruity, with lively peach, ripe apple and cherry flavors that feature jellied citrus notes. Clean on the finish, with minerally notes.  END
BEGIN NOW Yellow apple, melon and apricot flavors are balanced and softly juicy, with modest intensity. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe apple, peach and citrus notes combine with the supple texture in this white, which stays lively thanks to the vibrant structure. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and creamy in texture, this offers a hint of zesty minerality and flavors of apple, tangerine and smoke. END
BEGIN NOW Dominated by its lemon-lime components, this white is full of applesauce and quince flavors, which feature notes of ginger snap. Savory herbs linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A light-bodied, floral style, offering violet, high-toned cherry and damson plum notes that carry through the sandalwood-framed finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, with a strong floral note to the green pear fruit. END
BEGIN NOW This fresh, lean style offers a good mineral undertow to the crisp citrus and gooseberry fruit, which persists on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fun and zesty red, not loaded with Zin character, but offers good cherry, spice and caramel flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Assertively herbal, with a smoky essence to the ripe tropical fruit, peach and white berry flavors. The crunchy finish features notes of slate. END
BEGIN NOW Light and appealing for its delicate pear and floral flavors, finishing lightly sweet. END
BEGIN NOW Round and lightly creamy, but fresh overall, this offers hints of pineapple, kumquat, stargazer lily and star anise. Modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW Gentle, silky and appealing for its warm red berry, cherry and herb flavors. Cocoa overtones enliven the finish. Merlot, Syrah and Cabernet Franc. END
BEGIN NOW This medium-bodied white features Honeycrisp apple, melon and light grilled pineapple notes that expand with layers of spice and chalk on the solid finish. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet cherry and wild plum flavors feature some interesting graphite edges. Smoke tinges mark the crisp finish. Tempranillo, Syrah, Touriga Nacional, Alicante, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot. END
BEGIN NOW Fruity and sweet, with good cut to the dark cherry, roasted plum and dried berry flavors. Asian spice and milk chocolate notes linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's a wild edge to this medium-bodied red, which sports spicy plum, cherry, underbrush and licorice notes. END
BEGIN NOW This white is fresh and floral, soft in texture, showing lemony apple custard flavors that tingle on the finish. Chardonnay, Pinot Gris and Viognier. END
BEGIN NOW Features a firm core of acidity behind red cherry and blackberry flavors accented by notes of iron and hot stone. Muscular finish displays tannins and smoke.  END
BEGIN NOW Dark in color, with black cherry, plum and sweet spice flavors. Rich and balanced, with a firm underlying structure. Best from 2013 through 2018. 15,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and juicy, with appealing cherry, caramel and spice notes. END
BEGIN NOW Game, herb and spice notes accent the tangy dark cherry and plum flavors in this medium- to full-bodied red, lingering with a spicy aftertaste. Malbec, Bonarda and Petit Verdot. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, racy style, showing textbook red currant, cherry and plum flavors, laced with lavender and hot stone notes that keep the finish nicely grippy and focused. END
BEGIN NOW A nice, lightly grippy tarry edge frames dark cherry, currant and plum fruit notes in this red. A flash of singed apple wood chimes in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pear, melon and almond flavors mingle in this fleshy white. Accents of smoke and bitter herbs keep it focused and a bit austere. A rich wine that needs food to blossom. END
BEGIN NOW A round, cherry-flavored red, with bright acidity and light tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Gamy, herbal notes frame berry and cherry fruit in this light, firm red, while tobacco and chocolate flavors linger on the finish. This is fresh, offering enough grip for food. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied, with crisp acidity and flavors of green pear, melon, fleur de sel and lemon zest. It's clean and fresh, with a modest, lightly floral finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh crushed berry and cherry flavors are accented by plenty of spice and a touch of sweetness. Jammy finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, this offers delicate black cherry and floral flavors that echo nicely on the refined finish. END
BEGIN NOW This light-weight red starts out with delicate cherry and strawberry flavors, then firm tannins emerge on the finish. Needs to integrate. Best from 2013 through 2018. 80,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW This full-bodied white delivers a mouthful of pear, melon, almond and smoke flavors. Richly textured, yet kept focused by crisp acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, displaying a round mix of black plum, dark cherry and light fig notes, with layers of spice and hints of mountain herb and tobacco. Negroamaro, Primitivo and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW This red offers expressive berry, cranberry and chocolate flavors, with menthol and herbal accents, light, firm tannins and good acidity. Lively yet harmonious. Monastrell, Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and crisp, offering pear and melon fruit plus a hint of lime. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, offering ripe cherry and spicy plum fruit, with light hints of spice and olive pit. END
BEGIN NOW Light on its feet, with soft texture and fresh passion fruit flavor. END
BEGIN NOW Notes of game and spice lead to rich dark cherry and jammy blackberry fruit character that gives way to more spice and smoke notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A jammy red, sporting a plummy mix of spice, game and black pepper, with a light herb note flickering on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This polished red offers focused flavors of black cherry, espresso and mineral, with leafy and spicy elements that add interest, backed by modest tannins and balanced acidity. Not showy, but harmonious. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy white, opening with bright tangerine, melon and Rainier cherry notes, backed by floral, flint and light mountain herb hints. END
BEGIN NOW Nicely done. A toasty vein runs through pear, peach and citrus notes on a medium body, with a crisp edge. END
BEGIN NOW Racy lemon-lime, grapefruit and green apple flavors have zingy acidity and a grassy edge, all on a refreshing, light body. END
BEGIN NOW Light, yet fresh and focused, displaying a lovely mix of Jonagold apple, spicy pear, flint and light oak notes that lead to hints of cream on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dried berry and cherry flavors tail off quickly on the crisp, lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lighter than most, with fresh red berry and herb flavors, echoing softly. Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and Cabernet Franc. END
BEGIN NOW Dried currant and spiced plum flavors are ripe, with touches of richness. Dark chocolate and tar on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A balanced white, showing a pretty floral overtone to the well-knit flavors of green melon, kumquat and almond, with hints of smoke and wax and a modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers easygoing zesty cherry, herb and toasty spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Tropical pineapple, guava and tangerine notes lead the way in this bright, tangy white. Lightly creamy and fresh, with hints of almond and candied lychee on the modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW This red shows cherry, dried berry, tobacco and balsamic notes that sail across the palate, smooth and harmonious. Supple, but has some density. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe, focused and appealing for its dark berry flavors, joined by a hint of herb as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW An honest red that delivers a solid core of dark plum and berry fruit, with light spice and modest grip to the tarry finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied, with floral and spice accents to flavors of ripe black cherry and black currant, dark chocolate shavings, vanilla bean and loamy earth. END
BEGIN NOW Light and brisk, with pretty white peach and kaffir lime notes leading to a quick, floral-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW A bit lean, with a mineral edge to the fresh apple and lime flavors. END
BEGIN NOW There's a subtle base of ground spices here, with plum, cherry, dried herb and leather notes. Fresh, with a modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW This focused and deftly balanced red features flavors of ripe cherry, licorice and herb that finish with fine tannins. Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz, Dolcetto and Lagrein. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and simple, with direct, snappy green apple, pear, spice and honeydew melon flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe, forward red offering juicy plum and dark cassis flavors woven with grace notes of spice and grilled herb. END
BEGIN NOW Straightforward, with plum and cherry fruit framed by a light plum pit edge. A hint of savory herb marks the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, juicy with berry flavors and a tinge of oatmeal. Finishes on a savory note. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied, with reserved notes of dried tea rose, dried cherry and currant, vanilla, spice and graphite. Balanced, with a modest finish. Tempranillo and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, offering a mix of blueberry and damson plum fruit that leads to light floral notes in the minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW This elegant Pinot features a silky core of cherry and red plum notes, backed by hints of spice and underbrush. END
BEGIN NOW Firm with tannins, displaying modest cherry and toast flavors that push through the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh white, offering flavors of poached apple, anise and almond. Modest overall, with a floral finish. END
BEGIN NOW Creamy black cherry, black currant and licorice string notes show in this lightly spiced red. Modest finish, with a hint of tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe, juicy peach flavors are vivid, with apple, citrus and melon notes in the background. Soft-textured, with faint notes of flowers and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Smoky and blanched almond notes accent modest apple and pear fruit in this firm, crisp white, which is a bit austere, but balanced and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp white, offering vibrant aromas and flavors of fresh-cut green apple, with vanilla and mineral notes. END
BEGIN NOW This has some juicy, peachy notes to the fresh-cut green apple flavors, with melon and spice on the crunchy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A light and tangy red, showing a sharp edge of smoke and tar more prominent than fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe peach flavors are accented by some decadent spicy notes in this white. Interesting petrol accents chime in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This spicy red shows layered flavors of black pepper, toasty oak and licorice to the rich plum and blackberry fruit. Moderate tannins firm up the finish. Malbec, Bonarda and Tempranillo. END
BEGIN NOW Light and a bit tangy, with melon and almond flower flavors on a dry frame. END
BEGIN NOW Appealing for its plum and spice aromas and dried cherry and herb flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy, zesty red, with black cherry and caramel aromas and appealing flavors of raspberry and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Peppery, minerally flavors are at the core here, with juicy, tart lemon and lime notes and a touch of green apple. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with a juicy mix of raspberry and blackberry fruit that picks up a hint of graphite on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Jammy and easygoing, with soft cherry, caramel and spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A solid, medium-bodied red that balances a mix of red and black fruits, with juicy acidity and grace notes of mineral and herb on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Intense and tangy, showing a bright, juicy edge to the citrus, apple and stone fruit flavors. Medium-bodied, with a touch of pith on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Focused around a lemon-lime note, this white shows hints of passion fruit, melon and white nectarine. Appealing for its straightforwardness and juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's a racy edge to this juicy red, as bright raspberry, currant and blackberry notes weave with hints of hot stone and wild herb. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet pea and white pepper notes make way for vivid lime flavors. Crisp acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly sweet but deftly balanced, showing pretty spice and floral notes against pear and lychee flavors that linger easily. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a modestly juicy core of currant and plum notes laced with light toasty vanilla. A lingering tobacco edge hangs gently on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This plump red offers straightforward cherry, leafy and forest floor flavors, with notes of tobacco and spice. Offers light tannins and gentle acidity. END
BEGIN NOW On the lighter side, with soft, pleasant raspberry and oatmeal flavors. Slightly prickly tannins accent the finish. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot. END
BEGIN NOW Frankly sweet, with cherry pie and warm linzer torte notes, but fresh and lively enough. Rounded, open, breezy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A vivid, racy white, featuring grapefruit, lime and green apple notes that are juicy and refreshing. Light-bodied and extremely focused. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and inviting for its juicy cherry and sage flavors. Deft finish. END
BEGIN NOW This light pink wine is sweet and delicate, with spicy Muscat flavors in an easy-drinking style. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly, with a nice floral edge leading the way for verbena and Meyer lemon notes. END
BEGIN NOW Light, polished and creamy, with a tangy greengage plum edge to the pear and cream flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly plum and cherry jam notes are offset by a flash of white pepper. Soft, silky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and jammy, with notes of cherry pie, white pepper and dried sage. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of fresh spice and sweet-and-sour cherry lead to briary flavors of dried plum and bell pepper. END
BEGIN NOW An expressive red, with notes of underbrush, sanguineness and cigar box highlighting the crushed cherry and raspberry notes that linger on the minerally finish. Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty melon, citrus and Honeycrisp apple notes hold court on the spice- and mineral-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and easygoing, dry, with a soft edge to the modest strawberry flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Sleek and zesty, with black cherry and cracked pepper aromas joined by appealing flavors of briary dried berry and licorice. END
BEGIN NOW This perfumed red offers a spice note winding through tangy white raspberry, red currant and macerated plum notes. Light-bodied, with a modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW An expressive red, offering wild berry, rose petal, cinnamon and vanilla flavors. Light, firm tannins lend some grip, as orange peel acidity keeps this lively. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and peppery, with meaty notes to the dried cherry and cranberry flavors. Shadings of graphite and dark chocolate enliven the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Vivid, bright and mouthwatering, with plenty of pop to the lemon-lime and tangy peach flavors on a light body. Fresh herb and grapefruit notes come in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with rose water, watermelon rind and pear skin notes that pick up a hint of bitter grapefruit on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This light, tangy white is juicy with tangerine and melon notes, joined by a hint of chalk as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Offers solid varietal character, with ripe apple, lemon curd and spice notes framed by a kiss of oak. END
BEGIN NOW Light and modest in scope, showing subtle pear and spice flavors, finishing gently. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with peach and green melon flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, breezy style, with green almond, white peach and honeysuckle notes that linger nicely on the finish. 10 percent Viognier. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly, with a caressing feel to the mocha and coffee notes that frame the supple black cherry and black currant fruit. Fruit and toast stay integrated on the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round and fleshy, this red offers a thick beam of plum, black cherry and raisin flavors, with notes of toast and coffee. This is ripe, but the finish is fresh. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh white, with aromatic notes of grapefruit, passion fruit, and citrus zest. Ripe, yet zesty, leading to a creamy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with a lightly firm tobacco frame to the black cherry and plum skin notes. END
BEGIN NOW Pleasantly rustic and chewy, with hearty, dusty wild berry fruit and grippy tannins. Carignane, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Zinfandel and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly taut, with currant paste and plum skin flavors laced with dark tea notes. A chalky edge keeps the finish firm. Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Apple, citrus and pear flavors have modest intensity, but this offers a light body and plenty of juiciness, with echoes of spice on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, but persistent, with apple skin, pear and verbena notes and a good racy edge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers lots of savory herb overtones to the broad flavors of apple, gooseberry and Asian pear, with minerally notes on the finish. Cerceal, Encruzado, Bical, and Malvasia Fina. END
BEGIN NOW A bright Pinot, with fresh cherry and pomegranate fruit, light tannins and hints of wild herb and mineral on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Starts out with ripe, generous plum and black cherry fruit before firming and drying; more complete and complex than you might expect at this price. END
BEGIN NOW A bright, lively white, glowing with citrus, pear and peach flavors, remaining vibrant as the finish persists. END
BEGIN NOW This fresh-tasting red from Portugal is filled with red berry and milk chocolate flavors that are balanced and lively. Very creamy on the finish, with plenty of spice. Touriga Nacional, Touriga Franca, Tinta Roriz and Tinta Barroca. END
BEGIN NOW Crunchy and crisp, with fresh-cut apple, grapefruit and gooseberry flavors. Hints of spice and smoke mark the finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's good snap to the licorice and red currant flavors, which linger with tar and spice on the crisp finish. Alfrocheiro, Aragonez and Alicante Bouschet. END
BEGIN NOW A clean-cut, fresh white, this is medium-bodied, offering enough Honeycrisp apple and citrus character to carry the savory finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh red, featuring notes of game and grilled rosemary to the plum and black cherry fruit, as hints of smoke and graphite fill out the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tight, light and juicy, offering lime, pear and herbal flavors, which vibrate through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and ripe, displaying a rustic edge to the spicy plum and crushed cherry notes, as hints of underbrush emerge in the slightly grippy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry and plum flavors show a crisp herbal edge in this focused red, which has light, firm tannins and hints of earth on the finish. Old school. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and juicy, with modest notes of red currant, tomato leaf and toasty oak. END
BEGIN NOW This light, bouncy white shows a nice mix of grapefruit, lime and chive flavors, with a mouthwatering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and forward, with very friendly notes of linzer torte, fruitcake and cherry preserves. END
BEGIN NOW Though generous in texture, this red offers finely focused flavors, with vibrant cherry, berry, licorice, leafy and spicy notes that glide over light tannins to the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers sleek, pure, iron-spiked black cherry and cassis fruit, with a lingering floral and tobacco finish. END
BEGIN NOW This offers lots of honeyed peach, pineapple, candied tangerine and cream notes, but is balanced by bright, tangy acidity. Soft, floral finish. END
BEGIN NOW This is perfumy, with spice and mint notes backed by mulled cherry fruit. A light earthy edge frames the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp, sinewy white, with crunchy apple and green pear flavors that end with notes of mineral and slate. Try this with grilled seafood. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit, with friendly pear and quince flavors that pick up a hint of brioche on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Frankly off-dry, but with enough lively zip to the pear, quince and green fig fruit flavors to keep them crackling through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A very fresh, lively style, featuring nice cut to the flavors of red licorice, red currant and flowers. A twinge of iron adds length on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A solid white, with a firm, minerally spice supporting the melon rind and Gala apple notes. A hint of spice adds to the creamy finish. Grillo and Catarratto. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe, if not a touch jammy, with juicy dark plum and black cherry confit notes supported by medium tannins and an herb-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and sleek, with berry and herb flavors that dance nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and forward, with fresh-cut melon, apple skin and light spice notes following through to the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ginger and clove notes spice apple, apricot and mandarin orange flavors in this fresh cava, which has a light, mouthwatering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and silky, this is tinged with an oxidized apple flavor around a core of honeydew melon. END
BEGIN NOW Light, bright and racy, with an acid zing to the black cherry and tobacco flavors, lingering on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh red, featuring layers of crushed black cherry and red plum notes backed by juicy acidity. Light tannins add some muscle to the solid finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dark yet fresh, with a polished core of black plum and blackberry fruit on a bright, minerally frame. Fine tannins frame grace notes of cedar and herb on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and vibrant, with cherry and citrus notes that show accents of cinnamon and spicy yeast. END
BEGIN NOW Very light, with pretty lemon and floral flavors that linger gently. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and jazzy, this is juicy with raspberry and cherry fruit, riding on a lean frame. END
BEGIN NOW Offers modest apple and citrus fruit, with notes of mineral and spice. END
BEGIN NOW A forward red, with a solid core of black plum and dark cherry fruit framed by medium tannins and hints of spice, herb and iron on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly sweet, with pear and apricot flavors on an open-weave texture, finishing with refinement. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and driven by bright acidity, with hints of green pear, anise, biscuit and candied lemon peel. Ends with a lightly smoky, juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Sleek, with a trim grapefruit-lemon edge that gives this a snappy freshness. END
BEGIN NOW This lively red shows ample sweet toast and fresh acidity that drives the juicy black cherry, plum and raspberry fruit through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Spiced cherry and crushed red plum flavors dominate this lithe red. White pepper notes mark the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This lively red is straightforward but nicely focused, with crisp black cherry and plum fruit, framed by toast and herbal accents. Offers light tannins and juicy acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Off-dry, with a tangy edge to the lemon and tropical fruit flavors, finishing with pleasant echoes of green guava and banana. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, with extra cut from the lively lime and sea salt notes, ending with a bright finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and open, with kiwifruit and chamomile notes and a breezy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe, mouthfilling glazed pear and tarte Tatin notes stay fresh and lively, as honeysuckle and green plum notes stretch out the finish. A superb value. END
BEGIN NOW This solid, direct, fresh style shows lively yellow apple and pear notes, offset by a melon rind edge. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and floral, this Prosecco displays hints of honeysuckle, apricot, mandarin orange and spice. Lightly juicy and frizzante, with a lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Rounded and open, with a direct core of peach and anise backed by a light toasty finish. Viognier, Chenin Blanc and Grenache Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and easygoing, with cherry, herb and spice notes. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and direct, with good cherry, pomegranate and tobacco notes that linger through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and lively, with hints of tobacco around juicy raspberry and plum flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This has nice weight, but it's also really fresh, with a creamy melon core and a blanched almond frame to keep the wine honest through the finish. Clairette and Roussanne. END
BEGIN NOW This has a vibrant, spicy allure to the intense plum preserve and blueberry flavors. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW This white is gentle yet lively, with fruity flavors of peach, lychee and grapefruit, and a soft texture enlivened by citrusy acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty and vibrant, with luscious raspberry and strawberry fruit, with hints of vanilla and spice. Turns dry on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This red is fleshy and focused, featuring a streak of light toasty herb and vanilla notes that hold the core flavors of black cherry and tobacco leaf together. Lively acidity runs throughout. END
BEGIN NOW This focused red shows good dark cherry and mulled black currant notes, laced with a lightly firm tobacco edge. Flashes of tar and pebble mark the finish. Lovely typicity. END
BEGIN NOW Well-defined apple, grapefruit and green pear flavors feature hints of anise. Very crisp and long on the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round and just off-dry, this white offers grapefruit and orange notes. The firm acidity cleanses as this finishes drier, with a hint of passion fruit. END
BEGIN NOW A light-bodied, floral Riesling, with crisp, tangy acidity and pretty flavors of peach, apricot, Fuji apple and anise. A well-balanced crowd-pleaser, with a lingering note of lemon zest. END
BEGIN NOW Pleasantly taut, with chive, lime and flint notes, followed by a bracing edge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's good definition to the zesty, crisp flavors of melon, apple, white cherry and spice. The crisp finish features notes of pastry and peach cobbler. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, with a good range of thyme, verbena and grapefruit pulp notes that stay fresh on the floral-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW A subtle, gamy red, featuring a lovely core of crushed red berries framed by hints of spice, earth and light tannins on the fine finish. END
BEGIN NOW A well-defined array of tropical fruit notes flanks the ripe apple and baked pear flavors in this white, which is rich and spicy on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has a core of slightly sweet plum and blackberry notes kept lively enough by spice and licorice hints. END
BEGIN NOW This light red offers smoke, game and anise notes that frame a core of cherry fruit. There's lively acidity, with a supple texture and a grippy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fleshy and round, offering melon, apple, citrus and mineral flavors. Just tails off a little on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This clean, well-cut white shows a mineral-driven, zesty baseline, with flavors of white peach, candied pink grapefruit and smoke. Modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, with light herbal notes shading the cherry and raspberry flavors. There's ample fruit up front, but this is just a bit pinched on the finish now. Sangiovese, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, and Canaiolo. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and aromatic, with floral notes accenting the light tangerine and melon character that carries the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round and juicy, featuring peach and light citrus tones, this is balanced and bright, with a touch of white pepper on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Rich, with a floral wild berry edge to the cherry and strawberry core, this red also picks up a licorice note as it plays out. Firm, yet balanced and long. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh white, showing greenish notes to the apple, pear and melon flavors. The clean, crisp finish is very zesty. END
BEGIN NOW A flashy, vibrant red, with heft to the dark plum skin, blackberry and black fig notes that remain focused and pure through the smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW This aromatic Pinot Blanc shows a thread of candied lemon and lime, joined by notes of blood orange and pink grapefruit zest. An easy-drinking white, with a modest, lightly juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, plum, earth and menthol are the flavors, while bright acidity and dusty tannins lend support. A light style, with balance and grace. Best from 2013 through 2016. 25,000 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe, easy-drinking Cabernet, with enough currant and fig notes to carry the hints of tar and cedar on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas and flavors of pencil shavings and raspberry are pure and juicy. They're allied to a firm structure, with a lively feel and a spicy finish. Best from 2012 through 2018. 5,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW This offers fruity aromas, with flavors to match, including apple, green peach and Asian pear. Hints of tropical fruit mark the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, showing a lively stony edge to the watermelon seed and rose water notes, with a hint of bitter cherry on the finish. Syrah and Grenache. END
BEGIN NOW This very peachy-tasting white shows hints of ripe apricot and plenty of spice. Fresh and juicy on the finish. Rabigato, Viosinho, Verdelho and Arinto. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp apple aromas and flavors give this white plenty of verve. Ripe citrus and white raspberry notes linger on the finish, with lots of spice. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, yet with a solid core of racy blackberry and cassis fruit that's vibrant and fresh, with touches of wild herb and tarry mineral on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with easygoing cherry, caramel and spicy cola flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This Zinfandel is jammy and rather generic, but still appealing for its toasty cherry and sassafras notes. END
BEGIN NOW This Sauvignon balances ripe apricot and peach flavors with hints of crunchy gooseberry and tangerine, resulting in a precocious wine that's a refreshing sipper. Modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW A soft red, boasting black cherry, blackberry and spice notes. Tails off a little on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe and smoky red, with flavors of juniper, tar and dark fruit. Lots of mocha notes are in the mix as well. Tannic finish. Carignan and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Fleshy and open, with succulent black cherry and linzer torte notes, followed by a dark, mulled spice edge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, with hints of wild herb to the ripe plum and currant compote flavors. Mineral and graphite notes mark the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe style, with spiced cherry, plum and currant flavors that are firm and fresh-tasting. Shows hints of dark chocolate on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and light-bodied, with a juicy edge to the plum, cherry and lavender notes, followed by a dash of pepper on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This friendly red offers a nice beam of briar, raspberry and blackberry fruit, wrapped with judicious toast on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A clean, light-bodied Pinot Grigio, displaying floral, Gala apple, stone and lemon zest notes, with a fresh, moderate finish. END
BEGIN NOW A jammy red, with hints of sage and spice accenting the ripe black plum and blackberry notes, which lead to firm tannins on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers appealing cherry and eucalyptus aromas and nicely structured red currant, cedar and tomato leaf flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This smooth red has spicy blackberry flavors on a polished frame, finishing with a buttery note. END
BEGIN NOW A modest Pinot Grigio, with notes of fresh flowers, apricot and apple, and subtle acidity to keep this fresh. Lightly smoky on the finish, with just a hint of a rich marzipan flavor. END
BEGIN NOW A solid red, with a ripe core of plum, black cherry and sweet spice notes that carry the slightly grippy finish. END
BEGIN NOW An easygoing, fruity style, with cherry jam and floral notes. Firms up on the finish, with a spicy accent. END
BEGIN NOW A fruit bomb, with soft and supple flavors of cherries jubilee, sage and cracked pepper. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and open-textured, with pretty melon and citrus flavors, finishing on a floral note. END
BEGIN NOW A fragrant, floral version of Petite, with firm but smooth tannins and a core of ripe blueberry and boysenberry flavors that show violet, black licorice and spice details. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry and black pepper notes start out generously, firming up in the finish. This is a tight, lean style in the end. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, light-bodied peach and yellow apple notes end with a floral-tinged finish. A good summer sipper. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and direct, with pure Jonagold apple, Cavaillon melon and heather notes, followed by a fresh, lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty, with notes of spice and mineral playing off the tangerine and apricot flavors that lead to a floral finish. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp, lively white exhibits flavors of fresh-cut green apple, Meyer lemon and ginger, with loads of fresh acidity. Features spice and mineral notes on the finish. Moschofilero. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe version, with a range of apple, pear and quince notes that push through the plump, flattering finish. Shows good concentration. Very solid. END
BEGIN NOW This supple red offers bright flavors of cherry and cranberry, with notes of licorice and vanilla. The tannins firm up a bit on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy watermelon rind and dried strawberry notes linger, backed by a gentle, creamy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Elegant yet focused, with a solid core of raspberry and crushed plum fruit framed by grilled herbs, spice and a fine minerality that carries the stony finish. An all-season red. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp white offers honeyed flavors of yellow apple, peach and almond. Fresh and juicy, with a lightly spiced finish. END
BEGIN NOW A plump, friendly version, with lively pink grapefruit and lemon zest notes and a juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's a subtle richness to this spiced white, with almond overtones to the golden apple, lemon zest, cardamom and anise flavors, backed by well-meshed acidity. Fresh finish. Garganega. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and juicy, with modest raspberry and spicy vanilla flavors. Pinot Noir and Chenin Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW A brisk style, with tasty pear skin, green apple and slate notes that drive through the bright, fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Up front, showing pink grapefruit, straw and floral notes, with an open, easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A forward, plummy red, offering juicy notes of damson plum and blackberry, framed by hints of spice and grilled herb on the minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp style, with lots of peppery notes to the fresh cherry flavors, which feature some aged balsamic notes. Spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft but fresh, with plum, cherry pit and tobacco notes, followed by a slightly dusty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very bright and fresh, showing rounded melon, yellow apple and verbena notes backed by a dried pineapple edge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and open, with plum and black cherry fruit kissed with a hint of toasty vanilla. END
BEGIN NOW Pear, melon and grass flavors mingle in this firm white, which has a broad texture and focused acidity. Shows a pleasant hint of bitterness on the finish, where there is a touch of green almond. END
BEGIN NOW There's lots of fresh apple and green peach flavors in this crisp white, which shows hints of glazed apricot on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Nicely aromatic, featuring fresh ginger and smoke overtones to the juicy lime, pear, melon and peach flavors within. Smooth texture. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp white, showing good zip to the apple and green pear flavors, with a hint of lemon-lime. Stony notes mark the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with friendly straw, thyme and grapefruit notes that linger gently on the tarragon-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, offering raspberry tart and baked plum flavors that are ripe and feature touches of richness. Cream and spice notes mark the broad finish. Aragonez, Alicante Bouschet, Trincadeira. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and racy, with modest baked cherry, toasty herb and pepper flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Very direct and juicy, with a core of dark fig and warm cherry preserves wound with hints of toast and spice. END
BEGIN NOW This ripe wine offers tasty blueberry and boysenberry fruit notes, liberally laced with sweet licorice on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This red is liberally toasty, offering up-front cocoa powder and coffee flavors leading the way for melted fig and crushed blackberry fruit notes. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and crisp, featuring gooseberry and kiwi flavors, with accents of savory herb and spice. Ripe finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and smoky, with a fresh kick to the plum and dried berry flavors, followed by mineral and spice on the finish. Touriga Nacional, Alfrocheiro and Tinta Roriz. END
BEGIN NOW A bright, balanced and medium-bodied red, with lively raspberry, red plum and sweet cherry flavors that are very juicy. The finish features licorice notes and hints of Asian spice. END
BEGIN NOW Young and zesty, with lively black cherry and vanilla aromas and firm plum and toasty oak flavors. Merlot, Zinfandel, Sangiovese and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW This is a touch reduced, yet opens up with dense blackberry and plum skin notes that play off hints of hoisin sauce and grilled herb in the tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This soft-textured, medium-bodied white offers modest flavors of pear and melon, with tangerine notes that keep it lively. A nice aperitif. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and vivid melon, peach and citrus flavors are clean, balanced and refreshing, as spicy details round out the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and light, with mouthwatering acidity supported by bright lemon, lime and green apple flavors, which join notes of freshly cut grass. END
BEGIN NOW This features ripe melon and plum flavors, with smoky notes on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Nicely focused apple and pear notes with a lightly buttered finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft but lengthy, with chamomile, melon and macadamia nut notes hanging through the creamy finish. Clairette, Grenache Blanc, Viognier and Roussanne. END
BEGIN NOW This medium-bodied red shows plum and berry flavors that feature some spicy notes, with a supple finish. Tinta Roriz and Touriga Franca. END
BEGIN NOW Light and lively, offering pretty cherry and spice flavors on a modest frame, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with a minty note weaving through the modest flavors of raspberry and tobacco. END
BEGIN NOW There's good density to this medium-bodied red, and the tart cherry, leafy and vanilla flavors are focused and bright. Offers enough structure for food. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, with tasty cherry and watermelon fruit flavors and a round, savory herb-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and crunchy, with tasty lime and kiwifruit notes, followed by a tangy green fig edge on the finish. Shows good regional typicity. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and silky, this is juicy with tropical fruit and citrus flavors, followed by a polished finish. END
BEGIN NOW On the light side, this smooth red shows gentle blueberry and spice flavors that linger softly. END
BEGIN NOW Chamomile, fresh hay, lemon and tangerine flavors are intense, crisp and dry, with a terrific focus and a refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW This balanced white shows with hints of tangy white peach, tangerine and grapefruit flavors, with a  throughout and a stony finish of peach pit. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and inviting, this is peppy with lemon, green apple and spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly firm, with roasted herb, dried cherry and red currant notes backed by a lightly toasty finish. END
BEGIN NOW A pleasantly rustic and aromatic red, featuring supple plum, mineral, pebble and roasted herb flavors that are medium-bodied and easy-drinking. END
BEGIN NOW Round, pure and easygoing, with a polished beam of cherry and red currant fruit laced with a lavender hint. END
BEGIN NOW Elegant and lively, offering a hint of carbonic gas to lift its floral and lychee flavors. Straightforward, but ideal for alfresco dining or sipping. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity white, with green apple flavors that show a crisp, herbal edge. Features hints of pineapple on the finish. Colombard and Ugni Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity style, offering strawberry and cherry flavors accented by plenty of spice. Chocolate and dried apricot notes mark the finish. Syrah, Grenache and Cinsault. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and inviting, with pleasant tropical fruit and lime flavors on an open frame. END
BEGIN NOW Rich-tasting and well-crafted, with flavors of honeysuckle, red cherry and spice. Creamy and lush on the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Spicy black cherry and blackberry notes are fresh and lively, as hints of underbrush and tarry mineral frame the finish. Negroamaro, Primitivo and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW A very fresh and grassy white, with lime zest and kiwifruit hanging on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW On the lighter side, with dark berry flavors on a winsome frame, lingering softly on the relatively lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW This well-oaked, ripe and flavorful white boasts lots of complexity, with apple, pear, spice and honeysuckle notes that are clean and easy-drinking. Kosher. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly, with crushed cherry pie and blackberry fruit layered with judicious toast and followed by a lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW On the lighter side, with almond overtones to the modest berry flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Offers dark plum, blackberry and mocha-tinged fruit, with soft, easygoing flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, floral and quite tasty, this offers freshly cut strawberry and crushed cherry notes, which carry hints of wildflowers through the chalky finish. Negroamaro and Malvasia Nera. END
BEGIN NOW There's good concentration and depth to the rich dark fruit flavors, which feature plenty of olive and licorice overtones. The muscular finish is loaded with dark chocolate notes and plenty of tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty, with floral overtones, delivering lemon curd, dried mango and pineapple punches of flavor. Appealing for its smooth texture and crisp acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, with orange Creamsicle, cantaloupe and sherbet flavors that are inviting and round, with a soft acidity and echoes of spicy tobacco leaf on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This offers a slightly riper edge, with lemon zest and kiwi notes backed by honeysuckle and straw on the finish. Modest length. END
BEGIN NOW Round and ripe, with tasty creamed apple, melon and candied lime notes, followed by an open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with a mix of ripe green melon and pear fruit offset by tangy green apple and floral notes, followed by a lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fragrant, with floral and peach notes that give way to orange zest and lemon-lime flavors. Charming for its juicy acidity and soft texture. END
BEGIN NOW Rustic yet refined, offering ripe cherry and plum fruit supported by a bright frame, with a touch of licorice lingering on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This red is youthful, vigorous and appealing for its exuberant blueberry, plum and spice flavors, dancing merrily through the polished finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft for the vintage, with forward cherry and plum fruit, followed by a light vanilla shading on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW An easy-drinking white, showing juicy flavors of candied apricot, apple blossom and green melon with a touch of honey. This finishes dry and lightly spicy. END
BEGIN NOW Refreshing and straightforward, with a fragrant honeysuckle note giving way to lime, melon and tangy grapefruit flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Sinewy, with cherry, herb and tobacco flavors. Balanced toward the dry, tannic side on the finish, where green olive and tobacco accents linger. Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon. Best from 2013 through 2019. 12,000 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW Vibrant and zesty, with raspberry and toasty vanilla aromas that lead to flavors of cherry jam, fresh sage and earth, with firm, briary tannins. END
BEGIN NOW The blackberry theme is augmented by thyme, sage and coffee accents in this rich red, which finishes with a moderate length. Best from 2012 through 2020. 141,650 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW This floral Prosecco has a good backbone of tangy acidity supporting flavors of ripe peach and melon, with a pleasant balancing note of bitter grapefruit peel. There's a fresh, moderate finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and forward, with friendly plum and cherry sauce notes backed by light spice shadings on the finish. Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Firm in texture, with focused currant and floral flavors that point nicely through the fleshy finish. Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW A very aromatic and lightly honeyed white, and although just off-dry, this is balanced by fresh acidity. Ripe apple and papaya flavors play off honeysuckle, white pepper and lemon zest notes. Modest, tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and juicy, offering lots of cherry, pomegranate and crushed strawberry notes, laced with a hint of warm stone through the finish. Tasty. END
BEGIN NOW Leafy, herbal notes accent cherry and berry fruit in this bright red. This has modest tannins and a refreshing texture. END
BEGIN NOW This clean white shows a crisp grapefruit and lemony edge, with a citrus blossom scent. Full-bodied, with no oak to speak of, ending with a flinty aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Spicy, with a light feel to the pear and nutmeg flavors, lingering on the crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round initially, with black cherry and blackberry flavors, picking up light tannins by the finish. Straightforward, with moderate length. END
BEGIN NOW A light-bodied white, offering lip-smacking acidity and a mix of tangy gooseberry and lime zest, as well as riper pineapple and green mango notes. Refreshing, with a smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and appealing for its pretty apple and pear fruit. This lingers easily on the silky finish. END
BEGIN NOW A rich, well-oaked style, straightforward and reliant on toasty wood, but also intense and vibrant, with a mix of citrus and melon notes. END
BEGIN NOW Here's a leesy version of Pinot Grigio, showing hints of yeast, bread dough and vanilla to accent the notes of crab apple, lemon curd and stone. This is medium-bodied and distinctive, with a smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has dusty accents to the dried cherry and berry flavors. The crisp finish features notes of mineral and savory herb. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fragrant, with lingering strawberry and herb aromas and flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Full-bodied and complex, offering cranberry and wild berry flavors, with dashes of rhubarb, pepper and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Round and open-knit, with judicious toast weaving through the core of fleshy plum and blackberry fruit. A dash of tobacco marks the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas and flavors of white flowers and spice accent vibrant notes of Honeycrisp apple and grapefruit. Light and refreshing, with a zesty finish. END
BEGIN NOW This medium-bodied red shows dark berry, black cherry and cassis flavors, structured by lightly chewy tannins. There's a pretty violet note, with hints of graphite and smoke. END
BEGIN NOW Tight, with a refined feel to the tannins around a lithe core of blackberry, licorice and loamy earth flavors. Harmonious finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright violet and anise aromas are followed by a beam of sweet black cherry fruit, with a clean, fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fresh, with a grapefruit note adding class to the core, as the apricot and pineapple touches pick up the lightly sweet finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with dried raspberry, plum cake and dried cherry flavors that are well-balanced and end on a fresh note. END
BEGIN NOW Hints of black cherry and grilled plum mix in this easy-drinking, medium-bodied Pinot, along with tangy acidity and a modest, smoke-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly firm, with pomegranate and black cherry fruit backed by a modest herb note. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, intense and vibrant, with sweat pea, green apple, melon and honeysuckle notes that are full-bodied, ending with a clean, crisp finish. The best of three bottles tasted. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and lively, with grapefruit and spice flavors that zing neatly. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe and juicy, with dark berry flavors riding on a firm frame. END
BEGIN NOW Spicy pineapple and tangerine aromas and flavors are backed by vibrant acidity, with a touch of chalky mineral chiming in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and soft, offering pretty pear and pepper flavors. Finishes with a lime note. END
BEGIN NOW This offers a direct beam of roasted fig, plum and currant fruit, with a liberal toast note framing the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft plum sauce and fig bread notes lead the way, backed by modest grilled herb and mulled spice notes, with an open-knit, easygoing finish. Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied and lively, with bright notes of fresh-cut apple, pear and melon supported by citrusy acidity and a minerally spine. Solid length. END
BEGIN NOW Delicate and lively, with floral cherry and vanilla aromas and nicely layered, crisp citrus, cinnamon and cream flavors. END
BEGIN NOW An easy-drinking white, with fresh acidity and flavors of yellow apple, star fruit and spice. Modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, with ample spice and toast framing the jammy plum and blackberry notes. Grippy tannins coat the iron-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW This is almost atypically aromatic for a Chardonnay, featuring lots of orange blossom and orange candy flavors and aromas, as well as touches of lychee, spice, smoke and dried papaya notes. Fresh and creamy, with a modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW A bright Merlot, with plummy fruit and a smoky base note. Tobacco and spice accents run through to the modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW Baked apple, apricot and peach flavors are well-defined and plush in this focused wine. Clamps down a bit on the finish. Bical, Cereal Branco, Malvasia Fine and Encruzado. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, with modestly ripe berry and smoke flavors, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly firm, with grilled herb, plum skin and cherry pit notes that stay fresh on the modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW Grapefruit, straw and chive flavors are vibrant through to the tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A dry and lively white, offering ripe flavors of blood orange, apple peel, macerated cherry and fennel seed, with a hint of vanilla. There's a rich, layered quality to this, balanced by tangy, citruslike acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Sanguine and meaty-tasting, with focused dried berry and cherry flavors. Features minerally and dusty notes on the crisp, muscular finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and spicy, with a tight grip to the fine tannins around peppery raspberry flavors. Best after 2011. 5,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Pleasantly ripe and grapey, with black cherry, plum and wild berry fruit that's trim and focused. Full-bodied, ending light on its feet. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with an apricot note lurking behind the citrus and pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A medium-bodied and peppery red, with red berry flavors. The supple finish features notes of vanilla, with hints of smoke. Tinta Barroca, Tinta Roriz, Touriga Franca and Touriga Nacional. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of grapefruit and blood orange flavors fill this crisp white. Stone and sea salt notes mark the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, with good focus to the almond, herb and mineral flavors. Citrus and stone notes mark the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and appealing for its drinkability. Features spicy berry and fresh herb flavors, lingering easily. END
BEGIN NOW A clean, fruity white, featuring fresh-cut green apple flavors, with notes of citrus zest. Slate accents mark the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Cherry, raspberry and floral aromas and flavors mark this elegant red, which is fresh and juicy, with moderate length. END
BEGIN NOW An interesting white, layering flavors of baked apple and dried apricot with graham cracker, smoke, toasted almond and honey notes. There's a firm backbone of acidity and a mineral note throughout, with a spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Floral, with blanched almond and sea salt accenting the apricot and citrus fruit notes. This shows fine length to the minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Jammy, with aromas and flavors of grilled herb and bresaola rounding out the ripe plum and wild berry notes. A hint of espresso bean lifts the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, juicy style, with ferrous notes behind the wild plum and sour cherry flavors. There's lots of white pepper and dried raspberry on the firm finish. Touriga Nacional, Tinta Roriz and Alfrocheiro. END
BEGIN NOW A bold, peppery, spicy wine, with terrific mineral details, showing dark fruit, thick tannins and a rustic charm. END
BEGIN NOW An elegant white, with aromas and flavors of citrus backed by layered notes of melon and wild herb that run through to the chalky finish. Insolia. END
BEGIN NOW This refreshing white shows pear and spice flavors on an easy-drinking frame. END
BEGIN NOW Light and bright, with pretty aromas and flavors of strawberry and peppermint. Shows restraint on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and aromatic, featuring floral and spice notes around a thread of pear flavor. END
BEGIN NOW Light on its feet, with lively candied ginger flavors as well as plenty of apricot and pear notes. Soft finish. END
BEGIN NOW A sanguine, spicy red, with plenty of pepperiness behind the red plum and red berry flavors that linger into the beefy finish. Trincadeira, Alicante Bouschet and Aragonez. END
BEGIN NOW There are scents of vanilla and caramel in the aromas, but overall this is lightly spiced, with plum and black cherry being the main flavor themes. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly sweet, perfumed and delicately effervescent, this offers simple pear and spice flavors that don't fade easily. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, showing good lime, chive and straw notes that move briskly on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and nicely focused, offering a mouthwatering edge to the lively lemon, lime and kiwifruit flavors that extend through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and forward, offering a loamy edge to the blackberry, raspberry and roasted vanilla notes. A light flitter of cedar marks the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, floral style, with unadorned Jonagold apple and honeysuckle notes that are light but persistent on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, juicy red, offering snappy flavors of blackberry and spice. The firm finish is crisp and focused, with peppery notes. END
BEGIN NOW A friendly, fruit-forward style, displaying dark plum and boysenberry fruit backed by lots of dark, melted licorice on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied and juicy, with cherry and raspberry flavors that feature lip-smacking spice notes. Violet and chocolate mark the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A very bracing style, with taut lemon zest and thyme flavors backed by a note of fleur de sel. Lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW This supple red shows dark smoke, licorice and espresso flavors, with dried cherry and tobacco notes. This offers lively acidity, enough tannin for grip and a smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Quite fresh, with a bright streak of citrus peel and a tangy mineral- and thyme-filled finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has good flesh, with red currant, loam, licorice and sage notes that stay focused through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy, rounded style, displaying a core of plum and currant fruit carried by lots of sweet spice, with a lingering ganache hint. Nicely focused. END
BEGIN NOW An off-dry style, with candied kiwifruit, lime zest and green apple notes on a breezy, open-knit frame. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and focused, exhibiting a mix of crisp green apple and rounded pear fruit flavors that mingle through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very elegant, offering light-bodied dried strawberry and cherry pit notes that stay persistent, thanks to a fresh, minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Butter and biscuit flavors play off of the peach pie, ripe apple, candied orange peel and crushed pine needle notes in this medium-bodied white. This is enlivened by fresh, tangy acidity, and a stony underpinning lingers on the modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW A bracing, bony style, showing a streak of talcum powder that runs through the nervy lime and sea salt notes. END
BEGIN NOW A slightly firm spine runs through the spice, black licorice and mulled black cherry fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Forward and friendly, offering good pear and fig notes backed by a hint of green apple peel, which keeps this honest. END
BEGIN NOW Green apple, grass and lemon flavors mingle in this crisp white. It has a round texture, but remains rather austere. Verdejo, Viura and Sauvignon Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp red, this shows berry and plum flavors as well as dusty, minerally notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This offers good herb and citrus peel notes, followed by a fresh finish. An herb edge lingers too, with a nice mouthwatering hint. END
BEGIN NOW Very vibrant, with a great racy citrus and straw profile laced with tangy herb and mineral notes. Pure and long. END
BEGIN NOW Slightly firm, offering a note of grilled herb to frame the tobacco, mulled plum and bittersweet cocoa notes. A bittersweet hint lingers on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has good focus, showing plum peel, black cherry and licorice notes, with medium-weight toast on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry, leaf and smoke flavors mingle in this round red. This is plump, yet has enough acidity for focus. Accessible, but shows some depth. END
BEGIN NOW This is severe, offering cherry, almond and leather notes, with muscular tannins adding up to a compact style. Dry on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Quite open, with a core of green almond and apple backed by a rounded, off-dry, melon-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, showing a lemon pulp note backed by a hint of lime zest. END
BEGIN NOW A medium- to full-bodied red, with fresh red plum and berry flavors that extend on the crisp, minerally finish. Tinta Barroca, Tinta Roriz, Touriga Franca and Touriga Nacional. END
BEGIN NOW This focused white displays a mix of green and yellow apple fruit laced with floral and mineral hints, which add finesse on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A weighty style, with fleshy plum, blackberry and anise notes laced with sweet spice and toast. Solid. END
BEGIN NOW A light-bodied, fresh, floral style, with white peach character and a honeysuckle-tinged, unadorned finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and forward, offering fresh tangerine and fennel notes that follow through to the zesty finish. END
BEGIN NOW This refreshing white is redolent of grapefruit and almond, with a lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW This offers a straightforward core of red currant, black cherry and toast, backed by slightly rigid, chalky structure on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, firm tannins support a pleasingly plump texture in this fresh red, which offers black cherry, leaf and tobacco notes, with a smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Up front, with green apple, melon and butter hints. Just tangy enough on the finish to keep it all honest. END
BEGIN NOW Tasty, showing citrus, pear and apple flavors that have a pleasant ripeness and a floral quality. Balanced and juicy. END
BEGIN NOW Vibrant and mouthwatering, with a laser beam of lemon, lime, grapefruit and apricot flavors. Hints of fresh herbs and flowers add to the complexity. END
BEGIN NOW Syrah-like, with layers of plum, spice and violet flavors framed by a fine layer of tannins, followed by a focused, tar-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Silky and fresh, this features alluring spice and incense notes to guide the stylish anise, cherry and raspberry fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Round and easy, with an off-dry edge to the pear and green apple notes, backed by a twinge of kiwifruit that adds s. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, slightly high-toned style, offering vanilla, plum and anise notes laced with a hint of violet. Focused finish. END
BEGIN NOW An elegant version, offering raspberry, cherry and floral aromas and flavors allied to a bright, lively frame. Tasty now, this shows balance, intensity and grip on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dry-edged, but also very juicy, with fresh, mouthwatering apple, melon rind and lime flavors that drive nicely through the anise-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and spicy, offering cinnamon, clove, lychee and pear flavors that glide easily through a charming, lightly sweet finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dark plum, currant and pemmican flavors dominate this ripe, full-bodied red. Pepper and smoke mark the sinewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crunchy acidity frames this modest cava, as an underlying smoke note accents the lightly honeyed hints of green apple, toast and gingersnap. Enjoy a pleasant juiciness on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Toasty oak and spice notes accent the ripe cassis, sour cherry and blackberry flavors in this grape-colored, effervescent Lambrusco. This is fresh and clean,  enlivening the wine. Smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tight, with almond overtones to the peach flavors. Dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW A light-bodied Prosecco, with hints of grapefruit peel and pine accenting the Gala apple, quince and nutmeg notes, followed by a citrusy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, with plenty of fresh berry and currant flavors, accented by savory herbal notes. Milk chocolate chimes in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW High-toned flavors of baked apple, burnt caramel and beeswax mix in this rich Moscato, which is well-defined by fresh and firm acidity, with a hint of roasted nut lingering on the creamy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers solid varietal character, with red currant fruit, graphite notes and slightly grippy tannins, yet picks up a hint of the regional pine notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with a floral note leading the way for cherry, raspberry and red currant fruit. A dash of licorice marks the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit, with thyme and chive notes up front, backed by modest lemon and grapefruit zest hints. There's just enough zip to keep this honest. END
BEGIN NOW A forward, breezy style, with pretty violet, blueberry and cherry flavors, caressed by a rounded vanilla note. END
BEGIN NOW Expressive, displaying flavors of passion fruit, apricot and grapefruit. A hint of mineral creeps in as the vibrant structure drives this to a long aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, this is barely off-dry, showing juicy apple and lime flavors that linger softly. END
BEGIN NOW Shows good richness and a nice range of flavors, with roasted herb, sage, dried currant and mineral notes. Full-bodied and rustic, but serves up a tasty mix of unbridled Cabernet. Best from 2011 through 2016. 175,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Light and lively, featuring a floral, candied edge to the currant and plum fruit. Echoes nicely on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and a touch on the soft side, this offers slightly gushy plum sauce and blackberry notes, followed by a twinge of anise. END
BEGIN NOW This firm, medium-bodied red offers dark plum flavors and black olive notes, with a fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Perfumed aromas of violet, rose and peach signal ripe flavors of black currant, lime and slate in this juicy white, which offers a mix of fruity and savory elements, with a long finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and spicy, with nutmeg and clove overtones to the peppery citrus flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This has a good core of bright red currant and plum fruit, backed by licorice and sanguine hints on the medium-weight, slightly sinewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Modest notes of melon and white peach, with hints of white flowers, carry through to a salt-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW This plump red offers clean black cherry fruit, with a slight hard candy character, modest tannins and balanced acidity. Straightforward, with good density. END
BEGIN NOW This juicy red shows crushed red fruit flavors that are supple and lively. Damson plum and violet notes fill the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very solid, led by briar and cassis notes and backed by a core of raspberry, red licorice and sweet spice. Friendly, juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dark, but silky and fresh, featuring delicious crushed cherry and plum fruit laced with spice and tea notes. The perfumy finish has good latent acidity to stretch it out. END
BEGIN NOW Dark cherry and dried fig flavors fill this off-dry red, which is smooth and supple on the finish, with plenty of spice. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, featuring delicate apple and floral aromas and flavors that echo nicely against fine bubbles. END
BEGIN NOW Supple yet assertive, this smooth red delivers juicy black plum, fig, licorice and smoke notes over polished tannins, enlivened by bright acidity. This isn't weighty, but shows good density. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly firm and toasty, with good raspberry and black cherry fruit laced with a grilled herb note. END
BEGIN NOW Offers lemon zest and chive character, with a good crackling finish. END
BEGIN NOW A zesty white, with mineral, green apple and peach flavors that are supported by fresh acidity. The crisp finish offers some creamy notes. END
BEGIN NOW This direct red shows up-front toasty vanilla and coffee notes backed by medium-weight plum and blackberry fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and zingy, with mouthwatering apple, lime, quince and quinine notes that stretch out nicely through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This displays a rich, supple texture and mouthwatering flavors of peach cobbler, cream, apricot and spice. The lush finish is long and focused, with touches of honey. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and juicy, like a Chardonnay with bubbles. Shows notes of toasty tropical fruit, spice and pear. END
BEGIN NOW A racy style, featuring crisp mineral and apple flavors that are backed up by plenty of fresh acidity. The juicy finish is spicy and well-structured. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, showing crisp red berry and cherry flavors that feature mineral and saline notes, with peppery hints on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A supple red, offering sanguine and mineral accents to the berry and rhubarb flavors, with a spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and forward, with mulled cherry and toasty vanilla notes. Lightly dusty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Off-dry, with rose petal nuances to the grapefruit and lychee flavors, finishing light. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and generous, a plump mouthful of spicy apricot, pear and floral flavors that draw together effortlessly on the harmonious finish. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly and forward, with soft, fleshy vanilla, plum and black cherry notes. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and fresh, offering floral overtones to the freshly cut apple and pear flavors. Honey and cream fill the zesty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Enjoyable floral and fruity aromas follow through to a medium body, with delicate tannins, bright acidity and a fresh, clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fresh, with a sense of refinement embracing the pear, citrus and spice flavors, striking a deft balance. END
BEGIN NOW Berry and red plum flavors dominate this medium-bodied red. Stone and mineral linger on the finish, with a snap of red currant. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tart, with a silky feel to the pear and citrus flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fragrant, with pretty red fruit and tangy herb flavors that mingle on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly firm, with good cherry, warm stone and grilled herb notes that stay focused through the bright finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, with peach, lime and grapefruit flavors backed by a vibrant structure. Develops well, staying focused and crisp right through the mouthwatering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Peach and honeysuckle notes are delicate yet fragrant in this focused white, which is medium-bodied, with citrusy acidity and light herbal notes. Very refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW This shows impressive power for the region, with a waxy texture, a full body and expressive vanilla and leesy notes that support pear and grapefruit flavors. A distinctive wine. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, showing a steely edge to the pear and melon fruit. END
BEGIN NOW This firm white is crisp, with grapefruit, almond and smoke notes that drive through the focused palate. A bit lean, but with intensity. Still young. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fragrant, featuring pretty pear and floral aromas and flavors, lingering nicely on the lithe, sweet finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe, with tasty peach and apricot flavors, laced with a racy chamomile note that helps the finish stretch out nicely. A very clean, fresh style. END
BEGIN NOW Light, crisp and fresh-tasting, with good definition to the citrus and green pear flavors. Features hints of savory herbs on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and wonderfully refreshing, featuring a core of lemon-lime flavors supported by green tea, white peach and green apple notes. A zingy acidity weaves in and out. END
BEGIN NOW Maturing, with whiffs of cedar and coffee filtering through the black currant, mulled spice and tobacco notes. A tobacco edge takes over on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh and juicy white, with cut apple and green pear flavors, accented by notes of tarragon and ginger. END
BEGIN NOW Light and silky, offering pretty pear and herb flavors that mingle effortlessly. END
BEGIN NOW Delivers green melon and lemon on the nose and palate, with hints of cream. Full-bodied, featuring lovely fruit that turns to mango and papaya. Flavorful. Reminiscent of a minerally Condrieu. END
BEGIN NOW A rich white, with lush flavors of pear, apricot and spicy apple that are broad yet concentrated. Very juicy, with a honey cream finish. Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc and Vermentino. END
BEGIN NOW Refreshing, with pear and grapefruit flavors on an open frame, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and jazzy, with a refreshing zing to the raspberry and floral flavors, picking up a nice cinnamon note on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very fresh and pure, with lovely violet, shaved vanilla and dark raspberry notes gliding over fine-grained tannins. The long, suave finish has a nice pastis hint. END
BEGIN NOW A little earthy on the nose, but turns fruity and delicious, with hints of vanilla cream and dark fruits. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy white, with apple and citrus flavors that feature crunchy mineral notes. The lively finish features some floral elements. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fresh, with lots of crackle to the lime, fleur de sel and herb notes. Tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Slightly high-toned, with candied citrus peel, tangy yellow apple and quince notes that stay bouncy through the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows the slightly raisined edge of the vintage, with additional raspberry, red licorice and fig sauce notes backed by a toast-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy and fun young red, with berry character and soft, velvety tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, with a floral edge leading the way for green plum and yellow apple fruit, with a good bouncy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Spicy and full-bodied, with glazed citrus and baked apple flavors. Finishes with lemon curd. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet blackberry and cherry aromas and flavors lead to a full body, with velvety tannins and a medium finish. Best after 2011. 12,500 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW This medium-bodied red offers well-focused plum and berry flavors that are joined by raspberry notes on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Though ripe, this is racy and focused, featuring a good mix of tangerine, nectarine, quince and pear notes that offset one another nicely. The finish is fresh and lively. END
BEGIN NOW This fresh red has a nice rounded feel and a good core of plum, raspberry and cherry fruit, backed by a light shading of toast. END
BEGIN NOW This offers a nice mix of peach, apple and verbena notes, with a stony edge adding length to the finish. Chardonnay and Melon de Bourgogne. END
BEGIN NOW Solid and very direct, with black currant, fig sauce and cedar notes all framed by a twinge of dark coffee, which lingers on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers fresh mixed red berry and blackberry fruit, with lingering spice and licorice notes. A nice bit of chewy grip holds it all together. END
BEGIN NOW Licorice, fig and chocolate notes frame sweet plum and black cherry flavors in this generous red. The tannins are full but gentle, and lively acidity keeps it all fresh. END
BEGIN NOW This zesty white shows Fuji apple, pear and ripe apple flavors, with tropical fruit notes. The long finish of anise and savory herb features plenty of fresh acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and breezy, with white peach, blanched almond and honeysuckle notes. Quick, lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with a medium-weight mix of plum, rhubarb and cherry fruit, backed by a twinge of raisin on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and jammy, with juicy raspberry and cherry flavors on a racy frame, finishing with a zing of acidity and fine burr of tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Riper and richer than most, this shows grapefruit rind, lemon pound cake and honeysuckle notes that push nicely through the lively, mineral-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy lime, passion fruit and papaya flavors have a mouthwatering acidity and terrific focus. Refreshing and light-bodied, with a spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and focused, showing good lime, kiwi and green apple notes. Nice, clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW This is supple and soft, with appealing black cherry, toasty herb and spice notes. END
BEGIN NOW This round, juicy red offers straightforward plum, leaf and tobacco flavors, with spicy notes that linger over modest tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and fruity, with pear and pepper flavors modulated by plenty of creamy notes. Broad and rich on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round and friendly, with juicy grape, blackberry and cherry fruit backed by a dash of hot stones. END
BEGIN NOW Clean, juicy and fresh-tasting, with bright apple, pear and apricot flavors that feature light yet rich spicy notes that linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This sturdy red exhibits a supple texture to its ripe blackberry, currant and mint flavors, finishing with some length. Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec and Cabernet Franc. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp style, with bright yellow and green apple notes backed by a racy, floral finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pear, banana, vanilla and floral notes mingle in this soft white. This is harmonious, featuring just enough acidity for balance. END
BEGIN NOW This generous red offers ripe plum, with plenty of chocolate and hints of tar and earth. A bit soft, but this has just enough acidity for freshness. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and friendly, featuring creamed apple and pear flavors backed by a medium-weight, buttery edge. END
BEGIN NOW Superfriendly, with lush Jonagold apple, melon, pear and butter notes that all glide through the full-bodied finish. END
BEGIN NOW Nicely juicy, showing straightforward citrus, peach and yellow apple flavors that are pure, crisp and lively. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and polished, featuring tarry, black olive accents to the dark berry flavors, lingering on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with apple flavors and savory herbal notes that are crunchy. The finish is zesty, with some glazed onion notes. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and sleek, with modest notes of blueberry, rosemary and spice. END
BEGIN NOW A little tart, with lemon undertones, but pleasant berry and strawberry character comes through. Sangiovese and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Slightly jammy raspberry, cherry and dark plum fruit notes are backed by sweet toast and spice on the finish in this up-front red. END
BEGIN NOW A tasty END
BEGIN NOW Plump and velvety, this fruity red offers plum, blackberry and tangerine flavors, accented with vanilla and licorice. Not muscular, but generous. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and forward, with apple and pear notes backed by a light hint of toast on the open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Features good, straightforward black currant and damson plum notes, with a layer of toast as well. END
BEGIN NOW This supple red offers lively flavors of cherry, berry, licorice and vanilla, with bright acidity and spicy floral notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty and loaded with spice, offering savory plum, tart cherry and roasted herb flavors that finish with firm tannins. Zinfandel, Syrah, Grenache, Nebbiolo and Viognier. END
BEGIN NOW This has an elegant touch and Pinot-like quality, featuring dried cherry, berry and dark plum flavors. Finishes long, with some spice and sandalwood notes. END
BEGIN NOW Light and sweet, delicately fizzy, soft in texture, showing modest pear and floral flavors. END
BEGIN NOW An elegant style, with delicate peach, pear and melon flavors that are pure, medium-weight, and intense without being heavy. Long, clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW This bright white features ripe pear and mint aromas and flavors, finishing silky. Verdelho, Chardonnay and Riesling. END
BEGIN NOW This lithe, agreeable red prominently displays its pretty blackberry and currant fruit, hinting at mint and spice on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and silky, featuring a crisp undercoat to the shiny pear and citrus flavors, echoing nicely on the vibrant finish. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy, medium-bodied white, with good definition to the ripe apple, peach and pear flavors, which are accented by plenty of ginger notes. The light, creamy finish offers some mango accents. END
BEGIN NOW Shows nice, supple-textured red berry and damson plum fruit with a lacing of tobacco that runs through the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, with a lemon peel note adding interest to the pear and lychee fruit, followed by a lightly sweet finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fragrant, offering an aromatic mix of pear, apple and grapefruit that keeps singing on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Flinty, herbal aromas follow through to the firm palate in this focused white. This offers modest pear and smoky flavors, with good acidity and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Refreshing, with pretty pear and almond blossom aromas and flavors that linger nicely on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has a nicely polished feel, with tasty plum and tobacco notes laced with a hint of cocoa. Not big, but shows good length and freshness. END
BEGIN NOW A wonderful young Barbera, delivering plum, citrus and milk chocolate aromas that follow through to a full body, with soft, silky texture and long, rich fruit. Love drinking this. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, offering a toasty frame to the black cherry, plum and currant notes, liberally laced with black licorice on the finish. Solid, if a little shy on purity. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-weight, refined and nicely focused to show cherry, raspberry and bacon flavors, lingering on the finish. Shiraz, Grenache and Touriga. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, with sweet toast, plum and licorice flavors backed by a vanilla-filled finish. Friendly and forward. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, direct notes of black cherry, tobacco and herb linger on the medium-weight finish. Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with juicy pear and apple flavors and a short, spicy finish that features lots of white raspberry notes. END
BEGIN NOW On the lighter side, showing lovely red berry and sweet red pepper flavors that settle gently onto a bed of silky tannins. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Merlot, Malbec, Zinfandel, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fragrant, with pretty pear, grapefruit and herb flavors, lingering gently. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe, lively style, with the core of pear, fig and apple fruit bouncing along, with just a touch of toast to frame the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, with an appealing range of lime, apple and quince aromas and flavors, persisting nicely on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Apple, peach and citrus peel notes stray into a fuller-bodied, slightly sweet-tasting territory, but a pleasing twang of acidity keeps the flavors in check. END
BEGIN NOW This has more depth than the usual single-digit Shiraz blend, picking up mint and tobacco notes around the ripe berries. Shiraz, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW On the lighter side, with very pretty raspberry and cream aromas and flavors, humming smoothly on the polished finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a jammy aroma, with flavors of blackberry and black cherry that feature plenty of mint notes. The short finish shows raspberry and citrus zest. END
BEGIN NOW Combines ripe, rich flavors with finesse and grace. Full-bodied, with spicy red currant, black licorice, creamy oak and spice, ending with a long, full, persistent finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty floral notes mix with baked apple and white peach flavors, with juicy citrus acidity keeping this lively. Moderate finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a refreshing medley of melon, citrus and peach flavors. Spicy details give this wine charm, as does the push of ripe flavors on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Features rich tropical fruit flavors that also carry a lot of minerality. Fresh and lively, with a finish of golden raisin and spice. Grenache Blanc, Sauvignon Blanc, Chardonnay and Viognier. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, with star fruit and melon flavors lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Light on its feet, with a polished feel to the dark berry, prune, star anise and roasted meat flavors, fading slightly on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, silky and refined, showing lovely pear and honey character, with a touch of golden raisin, as the finish sails on. This is creamy at the end. END
BEGIN NOW Aromatic, exhibiting floral and leafy notes, turning to citrus on the palate. Firm and stony, with a dry finish. Very elegant and delicate. END
BEGIN NOW Bursting with ripe berry flavors, with cola and cedary details. This has smooth tannins and a core of fruit flavors, with a licorice note on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fruit bomb, this red offers a mouthful of cherry, kirsch, vanilla and pastry flavors, generous and soft, with just enough acidity to keep it all lively. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet and succulent, this is light in texture, offering a juicy mouthful of minty pear and floral flavors that linger on the open finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing for its pure, clear blueberry and cream flavors, lingering on the polished finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with apple and citrus flavors, as well as some ginger spice notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing for its peach and pear flavors, hovering nicely on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Mature-tasting, with plenty of rich spice notes accenting the dried berry and red fruit flavors, followed by a mocha-filled finish. END
BEGIN NOW Aromatic and fruity, with an array of bright cherry, raspberry and melon flavors that are firmly textured. Red peach and spice notes fill the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This is ripe and polished, delivering a big core of raspberry, blueberry and loganberry fruit, layered with fruitcake, charred mesquite and anise notes. The finish is long and rich. END
BEGIN NOW Good clean, direct apple and pear notes are backed by a modestly buttery edge. Fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tart, beautifully focused to show its grapefruit and green pineapple, as well as a welcome grassy note that lingers on the relatively delicate finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and refined, with clean lines to the pear, lime and grapefruit flavors, lingering on the lean, focused finish. END
BEGIN NOW A firm red, with chewy red fruit flavors and plenty of spice and mineral notes. Finishes with plenty of fresh tannins and hints of tobacco. END
BEGIN NOW Polished in texture, with tangy acidity that balances the ripe boysenberry and plum fruit, showing some restraint on the finish, which then picks up a mocha note. END
BEGIN NOW Friendly and up front, with plump blackberry and plum fruit laced with an anise note, followed by a slightly firm, toasty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and refreshing, exhibiting a savory edge to the berry flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Very friendly, with effusive cherry and licorice snap notes backed by a lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Vibrant and tangy, bursting with lemon-lime, green apple and melon flavors. Compact, direct and wonderfully juicy on a light body. END
BEGIN NOW Elegant and full-bodied, with ripe Bartlett pear and apple flavors, hints of spice and citrus peel. The refreshing acidity kicks in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bold and ripe, with mouthfilling raspberry, plum and blueberry fruit stitched with melted licorice and fig paste. The long finish is rich, but creamy and pure. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with lime and pineapple flavors that don't quit on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fragrant, with pretty plum and cedar aromas and flavors on a medium-weight, open-textured frame. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and juicy, with a big core of raspberry, black cherry and red licorice flavors, backed by sweet spices. This has a jammy hint, but stays balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with a pleasantly herbal, peppery edge. Bright lemon-lime citrus flavors and crisp pineapple notes come together in a light-bodied, refreshingly juicy package. END
BEGIN NOW This soft, fragrant red offers ripe currant and herb flavors that linger easily. Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz, Barbera, Trincadeira, Tempranillo and Nebbiolo. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and lively, offering a generous mouthful of plum, pomegranate and white pepper flavors that keep dancing through the juicy, focused finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round and moderately sweet, with chocolaty notes to the cherry and dried fig flavors that linger on the refined finish. END
BEGIN NOW Velvety, light and smooth, with pretty red berry and currant fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, friendly apple and pear fruit flavors are followed by a touch of butter on the clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and tangy, with a strong, pungent herb and grassy side. The combination of a lean body, crisp acidity and intense flavors creates a very refreshing wine. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and supple, with a minty edge to the currant and spice flavors, finishing with some refinement. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and juicy, with mouthwatering balance to the pear and grapefruit flavors, hinting at pineapple as the finish goes on. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and refreshing, with grapefruit, pineapple and pear fruit that doesn't quit on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Rich but soft, with alluring mint, cocoa powder and plum sauce aromas and flavors that glide through a lightly dusty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with pretty pear and floral flavors, finishing with a lemony tang. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and clean-tasting, with plenty of citrus flavors and some floral notes. Hints of honey on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Solid, with a mix of blueberry, plum and blackberry fruit laced with sweet toast and spice notes. Latent grip gives the finish some length and definition. END
BEGIN NOW Off-dry, with a sweet edge to the pear flavors, nicely balanced with a citrusy tang. END
BEGIN NOW This sleek red shows racy flavors of cherry, licorice and vanilla, as well as leaf and cola accents, with gentle tannins and bright acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Intense, with spicy floral and grassy notes that are full-bodied, with Key lime, citrus and green apple flavors that are pure and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy red and black currant fruit is laced with sage and toast notes, offering a dash of Linzer torte on the friendly finish. END
BEGIN NOW Straightforward, with polished cherry pie and raspberry flavors backed by a dash of sweet toast. END
BEGIN NOW A nice fleshy style, with tasty raspberry, plum, pepper and licorice notes that stay lively through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A plump, slightly muscular style, with bitter almond and blood orange hints leading the way for anise, fennel and melon rind flavors. Nice, ripe, rounded finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with forward black cherry, raisin, roasted vanilla bean and sandalwood notes, backed by a juicy, medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW On the light side, with pretty cherry, orange peel and spice flavors, lingering easily. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and easygoing, with grapefruit and melon flavors, lingering with refreshment. END
BEGIN NOW Refreshing, the citrusy character adding depth to the melon and almond flavors, lingering crisply. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe style, with lots of dark fruit flavors, including plum, blackberry and cherry. There's a smoky, bacony edge as well, which carries through to the iron-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and pure, with a core of Jonagold apple and Cavaillon melon notes backed by a long, creamy finish. A floral hint weaves in and out. END
BEGIN NOW A flashy, very toasty style, with lots of licorice and spice up front, followed by linzer torte and fruitcake notes on the finish. Stays fresh enough, though atypical for the grape. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with a mix of currant, fig and sage notes backed by a note of graphite on the slightly briary finish. END
BEGIN NOW Focused and forward, offering a velvety edge to the medium-weight mint, currant and black cherry fruit, with a lightly toasted finish. END
BEGIN NOW This generous red is light on its feet but the plum and blueberry flavors have focus, lingering easily. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and floral, with distinct violet and rose petal accents to the nicely modulated currant and blackberry fruit, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Displays nice spice, lychee and pink grapefruit notes, with a bouncy, lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW A very tangy, stony style, with lime, pear and apple skin notes backed by a tangy, mouthwatering finish. This has good zip and drive. END
BEGIN NOW Off-dry, with peach, apricot and spice flavors with plenty of vanilla notes on the finish. Reminiscent of Prosecco. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and focused, this white shows good depth, with ripe pear and kumquat flavors accented by mineral, herb and floral notes. END
BEGIN NOW Light and soft, with pretty pear and herb flavors, lingering easily. END
BEGIN NOW A tight white, with ripe apple and canned fruit flavors. Some tropical and buttery notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows blanched almond and mango aromas and flavors. Full and fruity, with a slightly aggressive acidity, but good in the end. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and ripe, with a solid feel to the lime and pear flavors, lingering on the tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and juicy, this lively white offers apple, green plum and mineral notes that are delicate yet intense, with mouthwatering acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with rounded melon and green apple notes that linger on the open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Displays a friendly mix of green plum and citrus notes, with an almond- and heather-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Quite ripe, with lots of fig, baked plum and cocoa notes that glide through on the slightly soft, velvety finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pear and greengage flavors are fresh and crisp in this juicy white, which has a silky texture and good backbone. END
BEGIN NOW Interesting dried lemon notes, with mineral and lightly dried herbs. Full-bodied, round and fruity, with fresh acidity. A delicious young white. END
BEGIN NOW Light, crisp and tangy, with star fruit and white pepper flavors on a juicy frame. END
BEGIN NOW This juicy white delivers fresh flavors of peach, citrus and light herbs, with bright acidity and a hint of spritz. Refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh pear and candied lemon aromas and flavors remain fresh and zingy through the finish in this lively white. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of ripe citrus on the nose turns to a medium body, with attractive dried fruit character and a lemony finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with pretty grapefruit and herb flavors and a soft finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers attractive berry and blackberry aromas, with just a hint of milk chocolate. Medium-bodied, showing pleasing fruit and a medium finish. Soft and silky. END
BEGIN NOW Peppery aromas, with flavors to match, are joined by dense dark plum and blackberry elements. Well-structured, offering mineral and dark chocolate on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, round and spicy, this is generous with its creamy pear and caramel flavors, lingering on the nutmeg-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity style, with plenty of fresh berry flavors and bright spicy notes. The off-dry finish is supple and bright. END
BEGIN NOW Milk chocolate and bright berry aromas follow through to a medium body, with fine tannins and a silky finish. A little lean, but fine and balanced for its structure. Best after 2011. 41,240 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty blackberry and delicate sweet tobacco aromas follow through to a medium body, with fine yet slightly drying tannins and a fresh finish. Best from 2011 through 2014. 5,665 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Cocoa and licorice flavors frame plum and blackberry fruit in this thick red. A bit heavy-handed, but there's enough acidity to keep this fresh. END
BEGIN NOW This polished, medium-bodied red offers smooth cherry, licorice and chocolate flavors, with just enough acidity to keep it lively. Floral and smoky notes linger. Tempranillo. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and jazzy, with pretty pineapple, grapefruit, elderflower and spice flavors that lingers on the finish without excess weight. This just floats on for a while. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, on the tart side, but polished and refined, offering Asian pear, grapefruit and lime peel flavors that don't quit on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with soft plum sauce and cherry pie notes framed by toasty vanilla. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and focused, offering a lively mouthful of pear, grapefruit and floral aromas and flavors on a juicy frame, finishing with finesse. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and ripe, with mineral and wet earth notes to add interest to the pretty currant and plum flavors, lingering easily. END
BEGIN NOW This sleek red delivers expressive cherry, red plum, toast and mineral flavors in a smooth, polished structure, with well-balanced tannins and acidity. Shows focus and verve. END
BEGIN NOW Very minerally, fresh and juicy, with raspberry and red plum flavors, and plenty of cream notes. Luscious finish features black olive and dark chocolate, with plenty of spice. END
BEGIN NOW A nice, racy style, with red currant and tangy cherry fruit pushed by red licorice and spice notes. Lively finish. Formerly under the Ridgeback Wines label. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with plum and berry flavors that are smooth and juicy, followed by pomegranate and mineral notes on the finish. Carignan, Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Hints of dried strawberry and mocha accent the kirsch and fresh earth notes in this well-built red, which displays light tannins and well-integrated acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Offers flavors of apple and nectarine, with a hint of mineral. Round and fruity, yet with enough acidity to keep it all bright and lingering through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tight and intense, built around a core of cedary oak, dried currant, herb, mineral and tobacco that are chewy and rustic, with gutsy tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and refreshing, with a floral edge to the grapefruit and pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Milk chocolate and bright berry aromas follow through to a medium body, with fine tannins and a silky finish. A little lean, but fine and balanced for its structure. Best after 2011. 41,240 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry, black pepper, licorice and cola notes mingle in this juicy red, supported by modest but firm tannins. The floral, fruity finish lingers nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Trim and focused, with spice, floral and dried berry flavors that have a minty edge. Medium- to full-bodied, this ends with a clipped finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright in flavor, silky in texture, with creamy pear and apricot flavors that linger on the refined finish. Holds on nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Displays a fresh, fruity aroma, with clean flavors of cherry, currant and spice. The minerally finish has good cut. END
BEGIN NOW A refreshingly zesty style that brims with green apple, lime, lime flower and wet stone aromas and flavors that persist into the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and lively on a light frame, offering plenty of apricot and pear flavors against a nice line of acidity, which keeps this refreshing through the generous finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with dried cherry and red plum flavors that are joined by sandalwood notes on the licorice-filled finish. Syrah, Carignan and Grenache. END
BEGIN NOW A dark, loamy style, with fig, coffee and prune flavors layered with roasted vanilla bean and charcoal notes. A bit gutsy in the end. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with lemon zest, lime and floral notes backed by a tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and slightly sweet, with creamy bubbles and vanilla and pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with quince and fig notes offset by a bracing hint of green apple. The finish is juicy. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tart, with pear and floral flavors, finishing with a lime note. END
BEGIN NOW A light, fresh and simple red, with red berry and watermelon aromas and flavors, followed by a delicate finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers clean, fresh pear and green apple notes that are backed by a lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and bright, this medium-bodied red offers cherry and cranberry flavors, with leaf and vanilla accents over gentle tannins. Not big, but there's nice density. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and very tangy, with good cut to the citrus peel and white asparagus notes. The long finish lets a quinine note linger. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with firm cherry and watermelon rind notes. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, with a peppery edge to the green pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Elegant and spicy, with pleasant earthy berry, plum and blueberry notes that are clean, full-bodied and balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Jammy and loaded with spice, this is appealing for its bright cherry and smoky plum notes. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, with a peppery edge to the green pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This has a nice bracing citrus edge, with chive and asparagus notes leading the way through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Racy and light-bodied, with herb, shaved vanilla and dried cherry noted backed by a minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with firm cherry and watermelon rind notes. END
BEGIN NOW A creamy aroma leads to ripe flavors of pear and apple, with baked pineapple notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with an iron note running through the black tea, braised fig and dark cherry fruit notes. There's a nice plush edge to the open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW An open white, showing peach and pear flavors, with a hint of orange. Perks up, with bright acidity that keeps this fresh on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lengthy, with a range of floral, sea salt, citrus peel and grapefruit pulp notes that really stretch out on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's good definition to the peach and apricot flavors, which are joined by notes of cream and spice. The finish is fresh and juicy. END
BEGIN NOW Dark, with a roasted edge to the chestnut, black currant and fig notes. Stays medium-weight, with a briary edge lingering on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crunchy and appley, with notes of white pepper and gooseberry. Light, smoky finish features caramelized onion flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Racy and distinctive, with rich, smoky notes wrapped around the tropical fruit and ripe apple flavors. The finish is silky, with creamy notes. END
BEGIN NOW Broad and juicy. Delivers a generous mouthful of cherry and herb flavors, picking up mocha notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smoky roasted vanilla aromas give way to mulled currant and melted black licorice notes. The velvety finish lets the smoky note linger. END
BEGIN NOW Nicely focused, with a mix of juicy pear and fig notes offset by tangy apple and slate hints. The fresh finish leaves a mouthwatering feel. Very tasty. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe apple, grapefruit and warm brown spices weave throughout this open, appealing white, which stays fresh on the long finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and ripe, with a hefty layer of coffee-tinged toast fronting for dark fig, macerated currant and cherry fruit. The finish is full-bodied and toasty. A bit obvious in style, but solid enough. END
BEGIN NOW A bracing hint of thyme frames citrus peel and sea salt notes in this fresh white. Shows good cut. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with a tangy mix of green apple and apricot flavors backed by melon notes on the open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers an interesting mix of red plum, red pepper and ripe berry flavors. Vanilla and cream fill the well-structured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, with a peppery edge to the green pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a juicy aroma, with firm, fresh flavors of blackberry, dark plum and dark cherry. This has medium-grained tannins, with plenty of chocolate and spice on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This is simple, dry and appealing for its melon and lemon flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A suave red, with well-defined crushed red fruit and berry flavors that are accented by bright minerally notes. Creamy, with luscious spice and hot stone notes on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, with lemon zest and white pepper flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Chocolate mousse and licorice flavors fill this dessert-style red, which finishes with notes of dark cherry and plum. END
BEGIN NOW Offers spice, blanched almond, floral and nectarine skin notes, with a lightly firm edge that keeps the finish lively. A tasty aperitif. END
BEGIN NOW Light and silky, with pretty pear and herb aromas and flavors, lingering easily. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fragrant, with lime blossom, lime and green apple flavors, lingering gently. END
BEGIN NOW A supple Portuguese red, showing lush flavors of red cherry, licorice and blackberry. Balanced and well-structured, with finish of Asian spice. Try with roast duck. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe, polished style, showing a sleek beam of raspberry and crushed plum fruit, layered with sweet spice and toast notes. Solid. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, medium-bodied white, with white fruit flavors and mineral notes, which extend on the spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has a spicy aroma, with fresh, crunchy flavors of green apple and pear. The finish features citrusy notes, with hints of savory herbs. END
BEGIN NOW Spritzy, with fresh and lively melon, cherry and crushed red berry flavors. Crunchy spicy notes on the minerally finish. Serve well-chilled on a hot day. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe, dark red, with kirsch and dark plum flavors that are backed up by firm acidity. Finishes with mocha and licorice. END
BEGIN NOW Offers lots of spice and rose petal on the nose, with plenty of ripe plum, berry and cherry flavors. Mouthfilling fruitiness, with notes of chicory and Asian spice on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, offering a nice dark streak of braised fig and crushed currant fruit laced with mesquite, tar and cocoa notes. Smoky finish is slightly rustic, but stays fresh enough. END
BEGIN NOW Shows the richness of the vintage with crushed plum and macerated cherry fruit, with fresh acidity carrying additional notes of mesquite, black tea and mulled spice through the lengthy finish. Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Round and juicy, showing rich, ripe cherry and raspberry fruit, with sweet vanilla accents, light tannins and just enough acidity to keep it all lively. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and refreshing, with pretty pear and grapefruit flavors, echoing appealingly. END
BEGIN NOW Well-balanced, showing plenty of elegance to the crushed red fruit, blueberry and wild plum flavors. Finishes with focused minerality that is accented by a subtle creaminess. END
BEGIN NOW A medium-bodied, aromatic white, with lush, spicy overtones to the nectarine, melon and pineapple flavors. The zesty finish features a crisp richness. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, toasty and spicy, with pepper and cream overtones to the pear flavors, lingering on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a lovely, pure beam of raspberry fruit, laced with hints of spice, cocoa and incense. Supple and long, with nicely integrated toast framing the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and ripe, with dark berry and black currant at the core, lingering on the finish against hints of licorice and pepper. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of ripe plum and lemon peel follow through to a medium body, with fine tannins and a fresh finish. Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW This has a floral nose, with plum and black cherry notes tinged with spice and mineral. Medium-bodied, with tasty, spicy fruit coating the fine tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and simple, showing clean berry and mineral character on a fruity, medium palate, with a crisp finish. A reliable mini-Toscana. Sangiovese and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Nice bracing sweet pea, lime, chive and white asparagus notes crackle in this well-defined version, which has a mouthwatering finish. Shows more snap and weight than the label's BCrux bottling. END
BEGIN NOW Good typicity, with medium-weight crushed black cherry fruit laced with garrigue and tobacco notes. Dusty-edged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, lithe and polished, with a silky feel to the sweet cherry and berry flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and round, playing its very ripe cherry and currant fruit against smoky, tarry, vegetal flavors that mingle on the polished finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and pretty, with plum and spice flavors on an airy texture, echoing nicely. END
BEGIN NOW This generous red nicely balances ripe cherry and herb flavors on a polished frame. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe but fresh, with apple and pear notes offset by a floral-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very enticing, with aromas of freshly crushed raspberry and blackberry backed by subtle vanilla, mineral and cocoa powder shadings. The long, incense-tinged finish is supple. Delicious. END
BEGIN NOW A beautiful white, with lemon, green apple and pear aromas and flavors. Medium- to full-bodied, with fresh acidity and a clean, fruity finish. Delicious. Sauvignon Blanc, Chardonnay and Pinot Grigio. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and jazzy, delivering a lively mouthful of blueberry, currant and spice flavors that zing through the fine-grained finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh lemon and melon aromas and flavors follow through to a medium body, with fresh acidity and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW This is polished, with a cola edge to the berry flavors, finishing with some density. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and pure, with a juicy beam of dark raspberry and boysenberry fruit intertwined with floral and anise hints. There's a nice supple finish. Delicious. END
BEGIN NOW Subtle, but has concentration and nice creamy texture, with tangerine, nectarine, spice and lemon peel notes gliding through the firm finish. Shows an elegance this grape typically doesn't display. END
BEGIN NOW Rather ripe, forward, slightly jammy style, with soft-textured raspberry, red cherry and plum flavors laced with sweet toast. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and gentle, with pretty pear and spice aromas and flavors. Remains lively through the persistent finish. END
BEGIN NOW Full and dense, showing apple and cream notes, with hints of honey and flowers. Medium- to full-bodied, with fresh acidity driving the finish. Fun to drink. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity red, with clean currant and blackberry character on a medium body. This has a pleasant finish, with a subtle coating of black olive over the light, velvety tannins. Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Round, with a root beer note to the raspberry and cherry jam, finishing with polished texture. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and pure, with a juicy beam of dark raspberry and boysenberry fruit intertwined with floral and anise hints. There's a nice supple finish. Delicious. END
BEGIN NOW Offers clean blackberry and cherry character, with a mineral undertone. Medium-bodied, with fine, lightly firm tannins and a medium finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows fresh lemon and mineral on the nose and palate. Medium-bodied, with a clean, crisp finish. Corvo Bianco is coming back. Insolia and Grecanico. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and open-textured, with pretty pear, melon and floral aromas and flavors that linger on a light, off-dry frame. END
BEGIN NOW Light but firm tannins support a supple texture in this fresh red. Cherry, leaf and smoke flavors are clean and focused. END
BEGIN NOW Round and easygoing, with good black cherry, plum and vanilla notes. Fresh and tasty. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, with mocha, fruitcake and crushed plum flavors backed by a full-bodied, fleshy finish. A crowd-pleasing style. END
BEGIN NOW Crunchy, with lemon, lime, grapefruit and tangerine flavors that stay bouncy through the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and tangy, with good drive to the pippin apple and lime notes. There's a lingering slate hint on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A light, fresh style, with modest peach and floral notes backed by an almond note. Very clean and refreshing, with nice balance. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Marsanne and Roussanne. END
BEGIN NOW This juicy white has a firm, crisp texture, with apple, lime and mineral flavors. More tart than fruity, with a refreshing herbal note. END
BEGIN NOW Still very tight, with some CO2 still covering the blanched almond, floral, white peach and mineral notes. There's nice crunchy acidity and solid length. Will need modest cellaring to open up fully. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy in texture, with a dash of grip in the background, which allows the tobacco, tapenade, END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, floral style, with a violet note leading the way for bright plum and red cherry fruit. There's a good graphite note on the medium-weight finish. Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Light-weight and forward, with a good mix of red and black cherry, herb and toast notes. A dash of briar on the finish keeps this honest. END
BEGIN NOW This dry white shows jangly acidity and flavors of lemon curd and stone, with a hint of vanilla. A bit richer than some of its peers, with a modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW Off-dry in feel, with a candied lime peel edge to the apple, pear, fig and anise notes. Stays bright and refreshing through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A crisp, spicy Greek white, with ruby grapefruit and lemon curd flavors. Fresh and floral on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round and forward, with fresh cherry and roasted vanilla notes. There's a tobacco twinge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit, with fresh-cut lime and green apple notes, backed by hints of anise and fennel. Shows nice persistence. END
BEGIN NOW A toasty, medium-weight style, with dark cherry and raspberry fruit backed by a red licorice note. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, round and forward, with toasted vanilla, red licorice and plum fruit flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Fruity, with melon and red berry flavors that are fresh and lively. Offers hints of confiture on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very floral up front, with violet, mint and pastis aromas and flavors, followed by a fresh, open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Vibrant and rich, with a nice mineral note weaving through the ripe blackberry, tar and spice flavors. The fruit lingers on the open-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Apple character, with hints of minerals and green leaf, follow through to a medium body, with good acidity and a fruity finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and polished, with layers of red licorice, red cherry and raspberry fruit that all glide together through the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and tangy, with a lemony edge to the green apple flavors, hinting at star fruit as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and inviting, with watermelon and berry flavors in modest proportions, finishing dry. END
BEGIN NOW An attractive white, with apple and charred bread crust character. Medium-bodied, clean and straightforward. END
BEGIN NOW This is very aromatic, with notes of warm spices, orange blossom and blood orange. Fleshy, with clean acidity and a light spicy finish. Grenache Blanc, Macabeo and Moscatel. END
BEGIN NOW This has an interesting nose, offering hints of melon, grape and broom bush. Full, round and fruity, with fresh acidity giving a balanced finish. Vermentino and Moscato. END
BEGIN NOW This juicy white offers a mouthwatering whoosh of lime blossom-scented pear and apple flavors, lingering effortlessly on the vivid finish. END
BEGIN NOW Apple and melon notes, with hints of cantaloupe, follow through to a medium body, with good acidity and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Jazzy and distinctive for its lively style, with apple and pear aromas and flavors and a hint of cream, followed by white pepper on the silky finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's a pinky hue to this, with ripe, almost exotic aromas of sultana, creamy spices and sandalwood. Full and thick, with fruit juice flavors that take on a spicy note on the finish. Interesting, but best on the nose. Friulano. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and tangy, with a polished feel to the currant and green herb flavors, echoing easily on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with pineapple, pear and cream aromas and flavors Finishes a bit sweet, with silky texture. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and elegant, with pretty citrus notes that are refreshing and bright. Lemon zest, nectarine, melon and tangerine flavors are focused and spicy on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly spiced apple fruit character on the nose follows through to a medium-bodied palate, remaining fresh and clean. END
BEGIN NOW Bright in flavor, this is open-textured and appealing for its currant and blackberry fruit, shaded with hints of pepper and green tobacco. END
BEGIN NOW Intensely tangy, showing gobs of passion fruit, mango, citrus and orange flavors, with mouthwatering acidity and terrific focus and persistence. END
BEGIN NOW A noseful of black pepper won't make you sneeze but it adds interest to the pretty red berry and cherry fruit. The easy finish lets it all linger on a medium-weight frame. END
BEGIN NOW Light, with a whiff of almond giving way to light orange peel and white peach notes. A hint of smoke weaves through the crisp finish. This is a nice change of pace. Try with crab cakes. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fresh, with pretty pear and floral aromas and flavors, finishing gently. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, offering a lively mouthful of red berry and blackberry flavors, shaded with hints of tobacco and cream. Finishes with a light grip of tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and clean, with tasty peach and melon notes and a nice lingering, stony finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and generous, with pineapple and spice flavors on a lithe, easy-drinking frame. END
BEGIN NOW An elegant, juicy red, with lush flavors of red cherry, melon, tangerine and spice. The broad finish features notes of sandalwood and Asian spice. END
BEGIN NOW A vibrant beam of lemony acidity shines through this wine, with straightforward lime, herb, mineral and green apple notes. Light-bodied and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW This is appealing for its pretty pear, cream and caramel flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This ripe red offers lots of blackberry, sweet cherry, smoke and spice flavors. Balanced, with bright acidity and a juicy finish. Easy to like. Garnacha and Graciano. END
BEGIN NOW Intense, with racy green pineapple, green apple and a touch of tropical fruit, all sustained by crisp, lively acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Offers ripe, clean, floral and spice notes, with a beam of green apple and citrus. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas and flavors of ripe pear and mineral. Medium- to full-bodied, with good fruit and balance. Good value. END
BEGIN NOW Marked by a sweet edge, with tropical fruit, pear and honeydew melon, gaining depth and body. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, round style, with cherry, red currant and red licorice notes backed by sweet toast on the easygoing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dry, crisp and vibrant, with pomegranate and raspberry fruit that's nicely balanced with lively acidity and a welcome hint of mineral. Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and ripe, this is generous with its creamy pear and lime flavors, which linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has good weight, with velvety tannins carrying crushed plum and currant notes, while hints of grilled herb and sage weave through the finish. Also contains Syrah and Cabernet Franc. END
BEGIN NOW Tight and grainy, with a chalky edge to the berry and dried cherry flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Tasty peach, apricot and citrus peel notes are light-bodied and refreshing, yet still balanced with focus and concentration. END
BEGIN NOW Light and floral, with bright pear and apricot fruit shaded with hints of carnation and lavender. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with a high-toned floral whiff leading the way for dark plum, licorice, pastis and black tea notes. The long, round, very juicy finish lets a dash of minerality peek in. Delicious. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, open-textured and appealing for its pretty pear and floral flavors, remaining focused through the light, sweet finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh floral, honeysuckle and honeydew melon aromas fold over to the palate, where they're focused and full-bodied, ending with a creamy aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Very ripe and juicy, with lush crushed plum, fig sauce and macerated black cherry fruit flavors gliding over rounded structure. The finish is long, creamy and toasty. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and jazzy, offering a lively mouthful of raspberry and roasted red pepper flavors that remain appealing on the light finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and easy, with pretty pear and herb flavors. Chardonnay, Riesling and Muscat. END
BEGIN NOW Very rounded, offering delicious raspberry and blackberry fruit laid over creamy, embedded tannins, followed by a long, spice- and licorice-filled finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and silky, with pretty peach, almond blossom and grapefruit flavors that linger easily on the open-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lovely currant and damson plum jam aromas and flavors are backed by END
BEGIN NOW Quite ripe, with butter, anise, creamed peach and grilled nut aromas and flavors laid over a creamy, round texture. Showier than most of its peers, while still staying fresh. END
BEGIN NOW Very fruity on the nose, with a bracing array of raspberry, red cherry and plum flavors. Offers impressive minerality as well, with a long, lush finish of licorice, chocolate and hints of cream. Cinsault, Syrah and Carignan. END
BEGIN NOW Ambitious, with a hefty dose of roasted vanilla-tinged toast leading the way for dark plum and boysenberry fruit flavors. Lush and fleshy. For fans of the style. END
BEGIN NOW Racy and herb-driven, with nice citrus and thyme notes that crackle through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, focused and appealing for its juicy boysenberry and floral aromas and flavors, pushing past a layer of fine tannins to echo on the finish. Best from 2010 through 2015. 18,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Rock-solid, with a core of black currant and blackberry fruit laid over a graphite underpinning. Spice and END
BEGIN NOW This has ripe, lip-smacking flavors of dark plum, licorice and dark chocolate, with pepper and paprika on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and focused, this is on the lighter side, with a light burr of tannins around an airy core of berry and coffee flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Polished in texture, this is balanced well to show expressive currant, blueberry and coffee flavors, lingering beautifully against refined tannins. END
BEGIN NOW This has plenty of blackberry and fig fruit flavors, but stays fresh, thanks to a nice graphite hint and a lingering finish of violet and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and generous, this plump Shiraz offers dark berry, plum and licorice flavors in abundance, finishing ripe and ready. END
BEGIN NOW Light, refreshing and off-dry, with pretty peach, pineapple and floral aromas and flavors, echoing enticingly. Nicely knit. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-weight, with gutsy blackberry and black cherry fruit laid over briary tannins. There's a hint of cocoa on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with a red fruit profile of raspberry and cherry layered with sweet fruitcake, spice and licorice notes. A bit obvious in style, but will have fans. END
BEGIN NOW This is light and refreshing, offering vivid pear, yellow apple, spice, marmalade quince and citrus flavors. Offers great acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Plum, prune, bacon and licorice flavors mingle in this chewy red, with cigar box and light herb notes on the finish. A bit rustic, but has depth. END
BEGIN NOW A chewy Pinot, with good definition to the red cherry and rich plum flavors, followed by raspberry and spice on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light in texture, with pleasant plum and spice flavors that linger against fine tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Solid, showing ripe plum and blackberry fruit laced with tobacco and toast notes, with a nice fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW This shows good focus, with dark berry, roasted vanilla, coffee and loam notes on a nicely integrated structure. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and generous, with an orange peel note adding interest to the cherry and spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This plump red has enough tannin to focus its plum, raspberry, tobacco and black pepper flavors, and just enough acidity to keep the sweet fruit in balance. A bit rustic, but generous. END
BEGIN NOW A focused, polished style, with coffee and cocoa notes followed by a solid core of black cherry and red currant fruit. The finish lets a roasted vanilla hint linger. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy and juicy with refreshing acidity, offering lime, grapefruit, green grape and peach flavors in a nicely focused beam that shines through the vivid finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and harmonious, nicely balanced to carry its spicy, oak-accented blueberry and blackberry flavors on a lithe structure. END
BEGIN NOW Inky and dense, with powerful dark plum and dark cherry flavors. Features intense dark chocolate notes as well, which extend on the ripe, spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and spicy, with a green olive note weaving through the dark berry and tobacco flavors, finishing smooth. END
BEGIN NOW A bright, crisp style, with freshly cut yellow apple and lemon verbena notes and a minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very clean and fresh-tasting, with concentrated mineral, apple and lime. The zesty finish has plenty of rich, smoky notes. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with peach and pineapple notes adding interest to this smooth-textured white. END
BEGIN NOW Shows a layer of roasted vanilla over modest plum and black cherry fruit. Soft, friendly finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smoke and espresso notes frame cherry, leafy and minty flavors in this sinuous red, which is light-structured, but has grip. Tempranillo and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Dark, with a muscular tone to the plum, currant and toast notes. There's a nice briary edge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A solid, muscular style, delivering bittersweet cocoa, blackberry and raspberry ganache flavors pushed by cocoa powder and melted licorice notes on the dark, fleshy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and generous and appealing for its ripe cherry and herb flavors, persisting well. Hints at dill as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW This is polished in feel, with ripe plum and blackberry fruit layered with a mocha note. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing. A grapefruit note adds interest to the pear and mineral flavors, finishing dry. END
BEGIN NOW A fleshy white, just off-dry, with peach, grapefruit, orange zest and a hint of clove. Well-structured, yet loses steam on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with of plenty raspberry and blackberry flavors, with spice and jam notes. The creamy finish turns chocolaty. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe, supple and nicely framed to show off the blueberry and plum fruit, riding along with something evocative of dried leaves and sliced tomatoes. It all lingers appealingly. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with appealing pear and mineral flavors, finishing dry. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, this is appealing for its plum, berry and spice flavors, lingering on a toasty, open-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe and generous with its ripe cherry and berry flavors, which are nicely shaded with cedar and spice overtones, finishing harmoniously. END
BEGIN NOW This is fresh, with nice cut to the apple, ginger, melon and spice flavors that run through the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and forward, with solid plum and black currant fruit mingling with hints of END
BEGIN NOW Tart and lively, offering a mouthwatering style that delivers a nice hit of green apple and lime flavor, persisting nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Dry and refreshing, with a silky feel to the grapefruit and pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and jammy, offering a nice mouthful of black cherry and citrusy spice flavors that linger nicely on the easygoing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with dark berry flavors in an easygoing style, lingering a bit longer than you might expect. Syrah, Sangiovese, Zinfandel, Barbera and others. END
BEGIN NOW Racy and fresh, with a streak of sandalwood running through the perfumed black cherry, plum and END
BEGIN NOW Broad and ripe, with dark berry and plum flavors at the core, hinting at mint as the finish hangs on. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, vivid and appealing for its pineapple and tangerine flavors, which linger nicely on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW This offers a slightly tangy mix of briar, sage, red currant and shaved vanilla notes, with hints of spice and earth on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, relatively unadorned style, with a floral note up front followed by green apple and melon notes. Round finish. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit, with good red cherry, currant, herb and vanilla notes that linger on the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Vivid, refreshing and brimming with lime-accented pear, star fruit and light vanilla flavors, lingering nicely on the expressive finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and still a bit compact, with fruitcake, coffee and plum sauce notes held back by a grippy, licorice-filled finish. Cellar short term. END
BEGIN NOW This rich white adds toasty notes and a silky texture to Viura's characteristic apple and herb flavors. Generous, yet has enough acidity for grip. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, racy white, with baked apple and peach and a touch of pine resin. Medium-bodied, with a crisp, fruity finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and tangy, offering grapefruit and pear flavors that persist on the generous finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and round, generous with its pineapple and floral aromas and flavors, balancing a slight sweetness with a touch of citrusy acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp in texture, nicely packed with dark berry and loamy wet earth aromas and flavors, lingering on the gentle finish. END
BEGIN NOW Floral and fruity on the nose, with a medium-to-full body, chewy tannins and a medium finish. Structured. Needs bottle age. Best after 2009. 6,750 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and refined, offering a smooth-textured, easy-drinking mouthful of cherry, raspberry and white pepper flavors, lingering on the well-mannered finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz and Barbera. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and generous, offering a nice mouthful of mature plum and spice flavors. Finishes gently. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, dry and vibrant, with pear and citrus flavors persisting on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Velvety, with a nice savory edge to the blueberry and dark plum flavors, which shine through fine tannins on the refined finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with good snap to the grapefruit peel, lemon verbena and sea salt notes. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and spicy, with a caramel note floating through the pear and allspice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A nice bracing wine, with a mix of lemon verbena, yellow apple and floral notes that stay bright through the racy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and bright, with grapefruit, pear and spice flavors that echo nicely on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet, with a lively balance to the almond-accented apple and honey flavors. Finishes with an open texture. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with lemon peel and grapefruit flavors and a tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and silky, with pretty raspberry and rhubarb flavors that linger against lively acidity on the fine-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW A nice crunchy style, with sea salt and lime notes kept perky by mouthwatering acidity. Begs for some oysters. END
BEGIN NOW Light and silky, with pretty pear, cream and lemon flavors floating nicely through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with a citrusy edge to the pear and toast flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Lime and green apple flavors sing brightly in this light, fragrant white. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, with tangy lime, green apple and vaguely smoky overtones competing for attention. Lingers gently. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and jazzy, with a peppery note adding a nice accent to the cherry, cranberry and spice flavors, lingering on the polished finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz, Dolcetto and Grenache. END
BEGIN NOW There's lots of smoky cedar and tobacco notes in this full-bodied effort, which shows complex berry and hints of mineral and graphite, ending with firm tannins. Exceptional value. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe and velvety, with espresso overtones to flavors of cherry and black olive, finishing with fine tannins. END
BEGIN NOW This delivers mouthwatering sea salt, lime and lemon zest notes that extend through the finish. Very lively. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and generous. A plush mouthful of plum, blackberry and spice flavors that linger on the open-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, lively and appealing for juicy apple, pear and slightly leafy aromas and flavors, persisting on the refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with a hint of bitter orange framing the almond, quince and apricot notes. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, with inviting plum, black cherry, tobacco and mineral notes, all backed by modest, nicely integrated toast. Very tasty. Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW This round red offers cherry, leaf and licorice flavors, with a slightly dried or roasted character and rather lean tannins. END
BEGIN NOW A bright, slightly high-toned style, with red cherry, vanilla and red plum notes backed by a fresh, floral-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy raspberry, blackberry and fig flavors are backed by well-integrated toast on the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Intense, with pear and quince notes that are ripe but racy, offset by a mouthwatering hint of lime and honeysuckle. The finish is long and juicy. Very tasty. END
BEGIN NOW There's some power and heft behind the well-sculpted flavors of baked apple, mango, peach and ripe pear. Pure-tasting and minerally on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, soft and appealing for its berry and earthy spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A pretty, floral wine, with a rose petal note underscoring the rich pomegranate and sweet plum flavors. The fresh acidity is balanced, and a light spice note lingers on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with friendly peach, green melon and fennel notes that stay lively through the rounded finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and refreshing, with fragrant floral notes of honeysuckle, pear, peach and apple flavors that are ripe and crisp and have a pretty honey tone. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth, round and generous with its savory blueberry and dark plum flavors, lingering enticingly as the finish becomes more expressive. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, with a vivid, mouthwatering intensity to the light-bodied lemon-lime, tropical and peach flavors. The flavors amplify on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with mouthwatering lime and custard flavors that linger on the dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and soft, with forward apple, pear and butter notes. A friendly style. END
BEGIN NOW This chunky red offers fresh plum and currant flavors with chewy tannins and notes of coffee and tar. A meaty wine that can stand up to hearty dishes. END
BEGIN NOW Refreshingly bright, juicy and light-bodied, with floral and herb highlights and ripe citrus and apple flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, ripe and generous with its blueberry, blackberry and plum fruit that rides easily on a light carpet of fine tannins, lingering on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, with a chalky spine that allows lemon verbena, mineral and white asparagus notes to linger through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Grapey, peppery wild berry flavors are clean, complex and full-bodied, ending with a hint of mineral. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and round, offering mocha, fig and raspberry flavors, with a friendly, forward finish. END
BEGIN NOW This is velvety, with a spicy tone from the Viognier adding interest to the bright red berry and red plum flavors, lingering on the vivid finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and supple, this red delivers plum, leaf, light vanilla and earth flavors, with gentle acidity and modest tannins. A beam of berry fruit shines through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smoky and inky notes, along with licorice, frame flavors of cassis, mineral and game in this firm, juicy red, which is focused and expressive. END
BEGIN NOW On the light side, with cherry, raspberry and toasty, earthy notes mingling on the focused finish. END
BEGIN NOW This is open-textured and appealing for its currant and herb flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe, open-textured and inviting, offering a very pretty mouthful of delicately spicy pear and fig flavors that linger on the silky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Muscular, with solid loam, raspberry, blackberry, fig paste and coffee notes backed by a broad, dark, toasty finish. Rock-solid. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with lively honeysuckle, heather, blanched almond and mineral notes followed by a refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy orange, lemon and lime flavors have a spicy edge, refreshing acidity and a mouthwatering finish in a package that's light-bodied and focused. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and open-textured, with vivid red plum and berry flavors on a polished frame, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Distinctly spicy, with a black pepper note riding over the pear and earth flavors, the finish lingering gently. END
BEGIN NOW Velvety and round, delivering a pretty mouthful of ripe currant and dark plum flavors, riding over fine tannins and echoing nicely on the open-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with lime and grapefruit zest notes backed by a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and peppery, with a spicy note mingling with lime marmalade and toast flavors, lingering gently. END
BEGIN NOW Shows intense aromas of candied lemon peel and peach. Medium-bodied, with bright fruit and a long, clean finish. Superintense and lively. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing for its nectarine and spice flavors, lingering gently on the open-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and generous, this juicy Shiraz displays pretty plum and berry fruit, finishing with a nice open texture. END
BEGIN NOW Heavy on the cola, spice and cedar notes, with ripe dark fruit flavors on a medium body. The chunky tannins are just what you'd expect from a Petite. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp white shows flavors of mineral, mead and peach. The bright finish features plenty of spice and melon. END
BEGIN NOW Flinty, with tart sour lemon-citrus and green racy fruit flavors that have a touch of quince, ending with a minerally edge. Medium-bodied. Best from 2010 through 2015. 19,398 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Bright red cherry and plum flavors give this good lift. The spicy finish is filled with raspberry. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and appealing for its blackberry and spice flavors, persisting on the refreshingly open-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and juicy, with a solid core of anise, melon and fig flavors backed by a mouthwatering McIntosh note on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and round, with a lovely glow of peach and melon flavors at the core, wafting gracefully through the long finish. END
BEGIN NOW Good plum, herb and vanilla notes run through this focused, medium-weight Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, with a sweet edge to the watermelon and black pepper flavors, finishing with refreshing balance. END
BEGIN NOW Pale copper in color and sweet on balance, with cream and watermelon flavors that linger on the soft finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft but pure, with a good beam of plum fruit backed by hints of cocoa and tobacco. END
BEGIN NOW Very fresh-tasting, with flavors of crushed stone, slate, McIntosh apple and Meyer lemon. Powerful anise and kiwifruit notes fill the firm finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, clean style, with a stony undertow to the peach pit, yellow apple and floral notes. Bright, clean finish is very youthful for its age. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and lightly sweet, with modest pear and spice flavors, finishing with a floral edge. END
BEGIN NOW Very mapley and sweet, with concentrated flavors of fig, almond butter and baked peach. The rich, lush finish is filled with spice and pastry notes. END
BEGIN NOW Crunchy red berry flavors and spicy notes fill this juicy red, with graphite and iron on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's good intensity to the zingy grass, green apple and tropical notes, with bright acidity and a mouthwatering finish. END
BEGIN NOW A bit coarse, but flavorful with pear, lime and balsamic aromas and flavors, lingering on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW This lush red brims with red plum, raspberry and spice flavors, with silky tannins. The vibrant finish of red cherry is accented by smoky notes. END
BEGIN NOW Almost creamy, this amontillado evokes chocolate, dried fig and spice flavors. Firms up on the finish, with a smoky aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and forward, with tasty melon and peach fruit flavors backed by a hint of anise. END
BEGIN NOW A firm red, offering red berry and plum flavors, with plenty of iron and mineral mixed in. The fresh finish features peppery and meaty notes. Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Floral and silky, with a pure beam of red and black cherry fruit gliding along well-integrated acidity. A nice mineral note checks in on the stylish finish. END
BEGIN NOW Nice lean style, with chive, sea salt and lime notes. Bracing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and fruity, with red cherry and plum flavors. Black licorice notes enliven the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and rich, this finely crafted Cabernet features fresh flavors of crushed plum, currant, dark cherry and spice. Savory herb and mineral notes fill the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, tangy and distinctive for its spicy and floral character, more prominent than the modest melon fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas and flavors of baked apple, with notes of exotic fruit and piecrust. Medium- to full-bodied and very fresh, with a clean, creamy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Toasty with plum, vanilla and mocha notes followed by a medium-weight, slightly firm, smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with a juicy edge to the fragrant grapefruit, lime and apple flavors, lingering gently on the dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows an essence of raspberry tart, with plenty of spicy and smoky flavors. The finish features notes of orange peel and dark chocolate. END
BEGIN NOW Kirsch and espresso flavors are ripe and rich in this modern red. Licorice, sanguine and mint notes add interest. Edgy acidity keeps the thick texture lively. END
BEGIN NOW A fleshy white, this evokes peach and apricot flavors, with accents of grapefruit. Firm and compact, but should open up over the short term. Best from 2009 through 2017. 5,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, focused and juicy, with good density to the plum, berry and dark cherry flavors. The spicy finish features medium-weight tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Polished, with a spicy edge to the pear and grapefruit flavors, lingering softly. END
BEGIN NOW Rich and juicy, with a vibrant structure etching the peach and nectarine notes in relief. There's a nice mouthwatering finish, with a touch of mineral. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fragrant, with pretty pear and melon fruit, lingering modestly. END
BEGIN NOW This plush red is rich with ripe berry and cherry fruit, accented by leafy and minty notes. Juicy acidity keeps it lively, and there's just enough tannins for grip. END
BEGIN NOW Round and generous, a juicy mouthful of pleasurable apricot, pear, floral and spice flavors, persisting impressively on the open-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fragrant, soft in texture, with pretty green apple and floral aromas and flavors, finishing with remarkable unity for a kitchen-sink blend. Riesling, Sauvignon Blanc, Marsanne, Viognier and Chardonnay. END
BEGIN NOW A brisk, electric white, with peach, ripe apple and mineral flavors vibrating off the laserlilke structure. It's light-weight and leaves a tangy impression. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas and flavors of baked apple, with notes of exotic fruit and piecrust. Medium- to full-bodied and very fresh, with a clean, creamy finish. END
BEGIN NOW The smoky matchstick aromas give way to floral, black currant and slate flavors in this alluring white. The structure emerges on the finish, so give this a little time to integrate. Best from 2009 through 2017. 5,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW This lean red offers cherry, herbal, mint and tobacco flavors in a supple texture over firm tannins. Nervy and intense, with a slightly green edge. Garnacha. The better of two bottles. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with a nice tangy streak of raspberry and spice flavors backed by a briary edge on the tasty finish. Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault. END
BEGIN NOW Dark toast, bacon and coffee notes lead the way for medium-weight, fleshy plum and currant fruit in this rich red. END
BEGIN NOW Light and spicy, with clove and pepper overtones to the lime and green apple flavors, persisting on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW A pretty, floral Riesling, with a creamy texture and hints of lychee to the yellow peach and light mineral notes. Lively and clean, with a light smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tightly wound, offering firm mineral, dried berry and currant flavors, with a touch of graphite, ending with cedary, earthy notes. END
BEGIN NOW Concentrated dark fruit flavors are lathered with molten chocolate and sweet, spicy notes. The ripe finish ends with fig and raisin. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a tasty mix of blueberry, plum and currant fruit, layered with roasted vanilla bean and coffee hints. Has a nicely focused finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and light-bodied, with a floral aroma, red cherry fruit and a touch of END
BEGIN NOW Bright and open-textured, with a nice sense of transparency to the currant, blackberry and gentle herb flavors, finishing smooth and easy to drink. END
BEGIN NOW Delivers a good mix of briar, spice and black cherry fruit, followed by a note of black currant on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity young red, with crushed berry and mineral character on a soft, silky medium-to-full body, with plump fruit and a clean finish. Always good value. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and easygoing, with fig and apricot aromas and tart citrus and spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit, with cherry pit, dried currant and toast notes backed by a minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW A perfumed, just off-dry version, with lots of rose petal, cream, vanilla and nutmeg flavors. There's just enough acidity for balance, with a modest finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has nice density, with dark berry, cocoa, plum sauce and dark tobacco notes backed by honest grip on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, nervy Sauvignon Blanc, with good lime, fleur de sel and flint notes. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and fresh-tasting, with lots of red berry and plum flavors, accented by subtle notes of meat, smoke and spice. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers a good medium-weight mix of black cherry, roasted vanilla bean, licorice and raisin flavors, with a slightly chewy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A dessert-style red, with concentrated flavors of milk chocolate, blackberry and spice. Quite fresh and lively, especially on the rich finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lush and sweet, with apricot and pear flavors and a fresh, buttery finish. Serve chilled or on the rocks as an aperitif. END
BEGIN NOW This plump red offers fresh, sweet berry and cherry flavors, with a touch of vanilla. Clean, fresh and focused. END
BEGIN NOW Focused and pure, with a nice minerally spine running through the lime, green almond, apple and floral notes. Fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Exhibits dried cherry and citrus aromas and flavors, with an earthy undertone. Has a crisp, medium body. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with a mix of white peach, herb and citrus notes. END
BEGIN NOW Tasty, with a mix of black cherry, graphite and spice notes followed by a solid, medium-weight finish. Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault. END
BEGIN NOW Well-defined red fruit flavors of cherry, plum and raspberry are supported by fresh acidity and some meaty richness. Spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has a slightly jammy core of plum and blueberry fruit, with notes of briar, black licorice and coffee. The grape's rustic persona lurks in the background too, with a burly edge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fragrant, with lovely floral and spice overtones to the pear and citrus flavors, lingering gently. END
BEGIN NOW Nicely focused, with good lime, mineral and sweet pea notes. The tangy finish has nice cut. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and very friendly, with sweet plum, spice and crushed raspberry notes on a nicely rounded frame. END
BEGIN NOW This plump red has good stuffing, with just enough tannins for backbone. Offers plum, anise and mocha flavors, with a fresh, clean finish. Not showy, but balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with a mix of peach, quince and lime notes followed by a floral and mineral-tinged finish. END
BEGIN NOW This honeyed white is off-dry, with dried apricot and light caramel flavors. It has good weight, as well as enough acidity to keep it in balance. Distinctive. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and spicy, with a black pepper edge to the green apple and lime flavors, remaining lively through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Raspberry jam and hints of spices follow through to a medium body, with a woody and mushroomy character and a medium finish. Sangiovese. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and refreshing, with pretty melon, citrus and pear fruit that persists through the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, fruity red, with chewy berry, currant and plum flavors. The crisp finish features milk chocolate notes.  END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of vanilla, berry and currant follow through to a medium body, with silky tannins and a medium finish. Clean and pretty. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, light white, with apple and citrus notes and a spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, lively and END
BEGIN NOW Aromas and flavor of red berries, apple and spice are fresh and focused. The juicy finish lingers with mineral and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe but focused, with a nice beam of crushed raspberry, roasted vanilla and cocoa running along plush, medium-weight tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Light, with modest lemon and salt notes and a good, crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Concentrated flavors of blackberry, dark plum and pepper fill this ripe red. Offers plenty of medium-grained tannins midpalate, with lots of smoke, meat and spice on the finish. The 1-liter volume comprises four 250ml containers. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fruity, this quaffable red offers cherry and vanilla flavors that bounce across the palate, with light tannins and lively acidity. END
BEGIN NOW A minerally white, with hints of pear tart that comes through on the medium body. Clean and fruity. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with a floral note leading the way for the elegant citrus peel and persimmon notes. Clean, minerally finish. Well done. Would match with crabmeat. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth, velvety and appealing for the smoky edge to the dark berry flavors, finishing with a light edge of acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Thick and espresso-colored, this PX bursts with raisin, fig, coffee and molasses aromas and flavors. It certainly coats the palate, but there's a fiery astringency that offsets the intense sweetness. END
BEGIN NOW An attractive young red, with raspberry and plum aromas and flavors, a medium body and a fresh finish. A new wine from this producer. Good value in Nero d'Avola. END
BEGIN NOW This is light-bodied, but with citrusy acidity that packs a punch. Clean lemon-lime and green apple flavors are crisp and delicious. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fruity, with lemon and fresh apple aromas and flavors. Medium-bodied, with good acidity and a medium finish. Always fresh and delicious.  END
BEGIN NOW Pleasantly light and fragrant, with pretty plum and pomegranate flavors that echo gently on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and forward, with slightly soft blueberry and plum fruit followed by a round, toasty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and round, with a savory edge to the cherry and rhubarb flavors, adding an earthy, minty note. END
BEGIN NOW A good crisp Sauvignon, showing white asparagus and fresh herb notes, with a citrus edge on finish. END
BEGIN NOW Apple, honey and lemon aromas follow through to a medium body, with mineral and tropical fruit character. Long and flavorful. END
BEGIN NOW This is fruity and light, with a candied edge to the raspberry flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This is ripe, offering mincemeat and dark plum flavors, with dark chocolate notes. The dense finish shows peppery notes. END
BEGIN NOW A focused and racy young white, with citrus fruit and white peach notes that follow through to a full body, with a solid core of fruit and a fresh finish of mineral and fruit. END
BEGIN NOW A pleasant young white, with spicy apple and pear on the nose and palate. Medium-bodied, with a clean, spicy finish that lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Pear, apple and light mineral aromas and flavors. Medium-bodied, with good fruit and a fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers bright blackberry and light coffee aromas. Full-bodied, with very good fruit, delicate tannins and a medium finish. END
BEGIN NOW This red exhibits cranberry and black cherry flavors, supported by toasty oak. Firm tannins and tart acidity stick out a bit, but there's plenty of extract. Best from 2009 through 2013. 10,000 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of lemon curd and light spice on a silky medium body, with a minerally finish. A little tart in the end, but interesting enough. END
BEGIN NOW Attractive aromas of melon and apple follow through to a full body, with lots of bright citrusy acidity and a medium finish. Inzolia, Grecanico and Catarratto. END
BEGIN NOW Has a delicate floral and mineral nose, offering orange blossom, fresh earth and a lemon peel base. Medium-bodied, with balanced acidity keeping everything fresh and clean. Long citrus aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with a tasty beam of raspberry and cherry fruit backed by modest, well-integrated toast. There's a nice lingering licorice note. END
BEGIN NOW Pungent grass, gooseberry, lime and guava notes are intense and bright, with a mouthwatering acidity and a long, lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Direct pear, apple and citrusy lemon-lime flavors are focused and refreshing, with a delightful acidity that kicks in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing for its juicy pear and floral aromas and flavors, remaining fresh through the off-dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW Jammy and juicy, with black raspberry and toasty vanilla aromas and easygoing plum and roasted anise flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, with red berry and plum flavors, followed by some herbal and mineral notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round and juicy, with a creamy texture and tasty strawberry, rose, dried cherry and mineral notes. Lengthy. Tasty. END
BEGIN NOW Flavors of green apple, herbs and pepper fill this lively white, with ripe tropical fruit notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and supple, with pretty plum and dried blueberry flavors that ride gently over a velvety frame. END
BEGIN NOW Very fresh and minerally-tasting, with crisp red plum, spice and cherry flavors. Finishes with fig and dark olive. END
BEGIN NOW Tasty and refreshing, with aromatic and juicy melon, lemon, lime and tropical notes that jump out of the glass. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and fresh, with dried cherry and berry flavors, followed by white pepper notes on the finish. Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault. END
BEGIN NOW Offers pretty jade blossom and peach aromas, with subtle green apple, pebble and lime flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This gentle red offers plum, black cherry and chocolate flavors. Soft on the palate, yet balanced and lively enough to remain refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Apple and citrus dominate the fresh flavors, with green peach notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lean and tangy, with juicy balance to the modest blackberry flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Tasty plum, black cherry and sweet toast notes in an uncomplicated, fresh package. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and spicy, a lively wine with wisps of clove and white pepper around the citrus and melon fruit, finishing with restraint. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied, with refreshing citrus, green apple, nectarine and pea blossom notes. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and juicy, with lively flavors of red plum and berry, followed by hints of tobacco leaf on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with modestly juicy raspberry, cherry and vanilla notes. Open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with pretty pear and floral aromas and flavors, lingering softly on a lightly sweet frame. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, with juicy, ripe citrus and pineapple flavors and a smoky, toasty edge and a hint of fresh mint. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and frankly sweet, emphasizing apricot and baked apple flavors, finishing with hints of spice. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, juicy and easygoing, showing cola and bright cherry aromas, with spice and zesty licorice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and appealing for its lilting pear and floral aromas and flavors, lingering on the melony finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and zippy, with herb, white asparagus and lime notes. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and fruity, with crisp berry, cherry and melon flavors followed by a light spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with pretty melon and citrus flavors, lingering gently. END
BEGIN NOW Pleasant, off-dry and nicely balanced with juicy acidity, even if the flavors seem muted. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and vibrant, with supple plum and blueberry flavors that are delicate and perfumed. Easy on the wallet. END
BEGIN NOW This plush, modern red frames black cherry jam flavors with tobacco and dark chocolate notes. Thick and juicy, with well-integrated tannins and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dark cherry and boysenberry flavors have good density and focus. Spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing for its pretty pear and citrus fruit, with a hint of a plastic note around the edges as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Vivid ripe blackberry, blueberry and plum notes are intense and flavorful, with cedar, tobacco and savory notes and polished tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Woody, resinous aromas give way to caramel, fig and roasted walnut flavors. It has character, settling into a long, walnut and molasses aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp red, with bright red plum and berry flavors, and some mineral notes. Finishes firm, with spice, mocha and cream. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet, but balanced with racy acidity, offering apricot, peach, nutmeg and cream aromas and flavors that linger expressively as the finish persists. END
BEGIN NOW A light-hearted, open-knit style, with yellow apple and melon flavors followed by a kiss of butter on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A simple red, with some nice Merlot character-jammy berries and fresh herbs, with a light chocolate note. But pulls up a bit short. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with Key lime and lemon flavors that are soft and refreshing. Good intensity on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plump up front, with lemon zest, grapefruit and mineral flavors backed by a mouthwatering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fruity, with a silvery, floral cast to the watermelon and rhubarb flavors, which linger nicely. Syrah and Viognier. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty, lemony flavors have a spicy edge, with good intensity and juicy acidity. END
BEGIN NOW A clean, young white, with white peach and floral aromas and flavors. Has a silky, medium body. END
BEGIN NOW Dark and brooding, this lean-textured Shiraz shows a strong meaty character, finishing with leather and spice flavors. Best after 2009. 10,000 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW Round and fresh, with ripe plum and blackberry notes followed by a kiss of sweet vanilla on the finish. Very user-friendly. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with pretty peach and cantaloupe flavors that linger on the soft, inviting finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, citrusy orange and lemon flavors have a hint of melon and spice, with a slightly raw texture. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy and fruity, with good intensity to berry, tart apple and currant flavors. Malbec, Pinotage, Merlot and Cabernet Franc. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, with juicy peach, lemon and apricot flavors that have good intensity and a tasty, spicy side. END
BEGIN NOW Nice racy dark cherry and currant fruit is layered with chestnut and black licorice notes, followed by a juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A gentle, ripe style, with pretty pear, pineapple and spice flavors that linger nicely on the slightly resiny finish. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and fresh, offering aromas of apple and cream. Full-bodied, with bright acidity and a long finish of stewed apple and lemon.  END
BEGIN NOW A touch high-toned for Cabernet, with cherry and red plum notes backed by a hint of shaved vanilla on the slightly firm finish. Fleshes out a touch with air. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and refined without losing its freshness, offering pretty pear and cream flavors that linger appealingly. END
BEGIN NOW Solid, with noticeable toast, but also a good core of plum and briar. The smoky finish has good flesh. END
BEGIN NOW Light and juicy, with a dark, plummy note most present. Finishes smooth. END
BEGIN NOW Quite forward, with blackberry jam, sweet spice and black licorice notes. Has a juicy, slightly raisined finish, but stays honest enough. END
BEGIN NOW Light gold in color, with chamomile and lemon character on the nose. Full-bodied, with medium acidity and flavors of dried apple and pear. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and bright, with tasty green almond, kiwifruit, clementine and floral notes. The lively finish shows nice definition. END
BEGIN NOW Straightforward, showing cherry, cola and charred oak aromas and flavors, with rustic tannins. Zinfandel, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW This has nice focus, with dark cherry and currant fruit layered with some sweet toast. Shows dashes of vanilla and loam on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fleshy, with very good concentration to yellow apple, quince and grass flavors wrapped in stony notes and grapefruit-lime acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Good white pepper, lemon and pineapple skin character. Medium-bodied, with good fruit and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and flinty, with fresh, spicy lime, green apple and honeydew melon nuances. END
BEGIN NOW This plump red offers sweet cherry, spice, cedar, herbal and smoky flavors, with soft tannins. Generous and fresh, with a lip-smacking finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth in texture, with a lively feel to the grapefruit and pear flavors, lingering on the crisp, spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, with a straightforward mix of dark cherry, sweet toast and herb notes. END
BEGIN NOW Shows lemon peel and milk character. Full and fruity, with good acidity and a medium finish. Inzolia, Grecanico and Catarratto. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied, but fresh and clean, with tasty citrus peel and gooseberry hints. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet but balanced. The phenolic texture makes it less cloying as the pineapple and nectarine flavors linger. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and minerally, with a cherry note glowing at the core and fine tannins settling gently over the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plenty of lemon and mineral character follows through to a full body, with good fruit and a simple finish. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and focused. Medium-bodied, with spicy wild berry, blackberry, herb and cedary notes that are focused and persistent. Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, Petite Sirah and Tempranillo. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas are like a blossoming peach tree and the stone fruit and mineral flavors are easygoing and lively. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly sweet, with medium-weight flavors of lychee and rose petal, hinting at white grapefruit as the finish persists. END
BEGIN NOW Grass, green pear and lime flavors have very good intensity, with a creamy undertone. END
BEGIN NOW Light honey and pineapple aromas follow through to a medium body, with ripe fruit and a lemon peel aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Round and accessible, with fresh peach and grapefruit flavors up front, giving way to bright acidity on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows apple, lemon and honey on the nose and palate. A full, straightforward Chardonnay. END
BEGIN NOW Displays nice herb and lime aromas and flavors, with good richness to the straw and grapefruit notes that come in on the back end. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and refreshing, barely off-dry, with lively pear and floral flavors, veering a bit toward perfumy on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Rather one-dimensional, with apple and lemon character. Medium-bodied, with a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of ripe cherry, tree bark and wild raspberry are elegant, stylish and balanced, with nice focus and a lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, brimming with peach, pear and melon fruit. Lingers with beautiful focus on the well-framed finish. A big upgrade for this winery. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and refreshing, with snappy apple, pear and melon flavors that end with a spicy hazelnut edge. END
BEGIN NOW Firm in texture, but light and agile behind the tannins, offering blueberry and cherry flavors that linger nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied, with good lime, nectarine and kiwifruit flavors. Slightly soft but stays fresh on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and rich, with delicious plum and black cherry fruit that's supple, elegant and polished. END
BEGIN NOW Sleek and juicy, with black cherry and cola aromas and modest plum and thyme flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Light and bright, with pretty pear and herb flavors echoing softly. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with juicy pear and Meyer lemon flavors that pick up a green edge as they linger effortlessly on the clean, dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW Nice and racy, with a tasty beam of black cherry and currant fruit backed by tar and pepper hints on the finish. Stays fresh. Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly sweet, with a phenolic texture that takes some of the charm from the delicate pear and apple flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Fleshy, with dark berry, cocoa and tobacco notes carried by ripe but soft structure. Lingering hints of cedar and cigar smoke. END
BEGIN NOW Solid, with fleshy blackberry and tobacco notes followed by a hint of pepper on the soft, smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Hints of smoke wrap around white fruit flavors that are enlivened by a light note of pineapple. Tangy and fresh, with a modest finish. Parellada. END
BEGIN NOW There's lots of fresh blackberry on the nose, with hints of flowers and vanilla. Medium- to full-bodied, with a good core of juicy black fruit, fine tannins and a medium finish. Very tight, but clean and impressive. Best after 2010. 15,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and round, showing pleasant black cherry, currant and chocolate character. Medium-bodied, with fine tannins and a clean, fruity finish. Best after 2008. 13,165 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and supple. This fleshy red offers cherry fruit, sweet and slightly candied, with vanilla and herbal accents over soft tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Berry and lead pencil aromas follow through to a medium-bodied palate, with fine tannins and a fruity, vanilla aftertaste. Best after 2008. 20,830 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, with peach, apple and a hint of melon rounding out the slightly stony finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round and juicy, with clean blackberry, vanilla and fresh herb character. Medium-bodied, with a medium finish. Enjoyable now, but will improve in the bottle. Best after 2009. 6,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW A fresher style, with pear and apple fruit carried by nicely embedded acidity. Bright, lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fragrant jasmine and honeysuckle notes, with a tropical punch of acidity and fruit flavors. Herb and celery finish. Sauvignon Blanc, Viognier, Muscat Canelli and Chenin Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW This clean, simple claret has berry and vanilla character, with hints of Indian spice. END
BEGIN NOW On the sweet side, with tobacco, toast and modest plum fruit flavor. Toasty, slightly firm finish has a hint of grilled herb. END
BEGIN NOW Wild berry flavors are ripe, with perfumed floral notes, a smooth texture and persistent finish. Plum, prune, spice and cedar notes have good intensity. END
BEGIN NOW Blackberry and wet earth aromas follow through to a medium-bodied palate, with mineral and berry character and medium tannins. A little rustic. Best after 2009. 18,330 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy red, with kirsch and strawberry flavors backed by light spice and sandalwood notes. There's enough structure to match with food. END
BEGIN NOW Light-weight, with slightly jammy raspberry and cherry fruit notes. Dash of vanilla and herbs on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp red shows cherry, sweet vanilla and light herbal notes, with modest tannins. Easy-drinking, with enough grip for lighter foods. END
BEGIN NOW Fig, hazelnut, floral and orange blossom notes run through this focused Chardonnay. Good length on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dark ruby in color, with plenty of blackberry, spice and coffee bean undertones. Full-bodied, with soft tannins and a medium, caressing finish. Has a nice core of fruit. Best after 2010. 9,815 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Fragrant and juicy, with vivid floral, apricot and peach notes, a sprig of green fresh-herb notes, and racy tropical flavors that carry on the finish. Viognier, Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Roussanne and Marsanne. END
BEGIN NOW Blackberry and light chocolate aromas follow through to a medium body, with silky tannins and a firm finish. Turns tannic. Pure Merlot. Best after 2008. 5,500 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and fresh, with a mix of spicy apple and pear flavors that are well-focused and persistent. END
BEGIN NOW Offers plum and berry character, with a hint of milk chocolate. Medium-bodied, with fine tannins and a fruity finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy and herbal, with white asparagus, garlic chive and thyme notes backed by a mouthwatering, citrusy finish. Begs for oysters. END
BEGIN NOW Good raspberry and toast flavors, with a dash of grip. A touch short on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, with pretty plum and leafy flavors, finishing with a slight grip of tannin. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with bright raspberry, cherry and floral notes pushed by hints of milk chocolate and spice on the finish. Verges on jammy, but stays honest enough. END
BEGIN NOW Very straightforward, with a veneer of sweet toast covering a core of plum and dark chocolate notes. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, with a lime peel edge to the pear flavors, finishing with a pleasant balance. END
BEGIN NOW Good thyme, asparagus and lemon zest notes, with a tangy finish. Distinctly herbal, but solid. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and easy to drink, with smoky black cherry aromas and plum, spice and espresso flavors that firm up slightly on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, with very good concentration to lime, stone, orange peel and grassy flavors. A trace of sweetness rounds out the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and spicy, with coffee and cherry notes finishing somewhat muted. Nicely balanced, this is sweet but not too unctuous. END
BEGIN NOW Light-hearted and floral, with nice melon and kiwi flavors that bounce through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Raspberry and bramble flavors are underscored by a light mocha note in this lively red. Bright acidity and light tannins, with a lingering spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW The grape and wild berry flavors are tasty and direct, with pleasant pepper and cedar notes. Pruny, nutty flavors appear on the drying, tannic finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with intense aromas and flavors of blackberry and soft mineral. Juicy and fun. END
BEGIN NOW Light in texture, with ripe raspberry and strawberry fruit, hinting at mint as the finish lingers gently. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and zesty, with a citrusy zing to the tropical fruit flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Off-dry, with a soft, creamy mousse and flavors of berry, hazelnut, spice and orange peel. It's nicely balanced, with a nut note lingering on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Medium-weight, with ripe strawberry and black cherry flavors that are easy-drinking. END
BEGIN NOW There's a refreshing tang to the berry and herbal flavors, with pleasant cola and spice notes and smooth tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Easy-drinking and smooth, offering tasty cigar box and toast notes, with cherry and framboise flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet and plush, with raspberry ganache, mocha and licorice notes that pump through a creamy, open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with very good intensity to grass, lime, lemon blossom and grapefruit tones. Pronounced mineral and stone flavors extend through the concentrated finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, generous and focused, with peach and melon flavors galore. Well-balanced, with hints of lime and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and lightly sweet, with beguiling peppery pear and cream flavors, lingering softly. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with peach and melon flavors, backed by a hint of butter on the finish. Light and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and appealing for its green apple and lime flavors, lingering on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and forward, driven by sweet currant and plum fruit layered with mocha and vanilla notes. Nice ripe, round finish. END
BEGIN NOW Displays lots of apple, honey and mineral, with some melon. Medium- to full-bodied, with good fruit and a medium finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's lots of blackberry and black pepper on the nose. Medium-bodied, with fine tannins and a long chocolate, berry aftertaste. Flavorful and stylish. END
BEGIN NOW Pale pink in color, with delicate berry-tinged citrus and toast flavors, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Very fruity and clean, with blackberry and spice. Medium-bodied, with fine tannins and a clean, fruity aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Appealing for its bold tropical fruit, toasty, buttery aromas and full-bodied pear and spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Has a sense of freshness to the fruit cocktail flavors, balanced with lime-accented acidity, finishing on a toasty note. END
BEGIN NOW Nice loamy version, with fine-grained tannins carrying notes of dried currant, cedar, vanilla bean and coffee to an elegant finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has supple, well-defined flavors of dark cherry, boysenberry, plum pudding and spice. The long, lush finish is impressive for its freshness and definition. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, with lots of pepper, cherry and tobacco notes on a bright, open frame. A hint of iron adds more interest on the finish. Nice introduction to the grape. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with racy raspberry fruit backed by graphite and red licorice notes. Very tasty. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with pretty, floral-accented green apple and lime flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit, with good lime, grass and thyme hints. Fresh, light-bodied finish. END
BEGIN NOW Captivating aromas of black pepper, blackberry and spice. Full and flavorful, with soft tannins and a fruity finish. Best after 2008. 8,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW A solid expression of Viognier, with almond, peach and melon notes backed by a hint of lemon zest on the finish. Nicely done. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, a bit sweet, but spicy and floral, reminiscent of a sweeter style of Prosecco. Pear and hazelnut flavors linger. END
BEGIN NOW Dense, with ripe black grape character and a lightly spicy vanilla note. Medium- to full-bodied, with a round, fruity attack. Crisps up on the finish. A nicely balanced Dolcetto. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and solid, with a juicy core of raspberry and briar flavors, followed by a nice fleshy, mocha-tinged finish. Very tasty. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and mildly sweet, with pretty pear and cream aromas and flavors, finishing with enough citrusy acidity to keep it from being cloying. END
BEGIN NOW A soft, fruity red, with blackberry and currant character and a caressing texture. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with light lime and herb notes and a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and jammy, with appealing pepper and raspberry aromas and supple flavors that take on length and firm tannins on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A smoky white, showing well-defined flavors of peach, baked apple and spice, with a touch of salt. Has a juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of apple and cherry lead to tropical, spice and toasty vanilla flavors that are appealing and full-bodied. END
BEGIN NOW Focused, showing medium-weight blackberry, fig and spice notes, with a licorice-filled finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers fresh apple and licorice notes that linger nicely on the light finish. END
BEGIN NOW Focused red plum and currant flavors fill this balanced red. Shows herbal and tobacco leaf notes, with some smoky flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This supple red is light and crisp, with bright, focused flavors of cherry, raspberry, vanilla and spice. Light tannins provide structure, and the finish is long and spicy. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-weight, with nice dark plum, licorice and toast notes and a beefy finish. END
BEGIN NOW There's good balance to the red plum and berry flavors. This has a crisp texture and supple spicy notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry, spice and roasted herb aromas lead to bright flavors and a zesty, slightly tannic finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with well-structured dark cherry and red plum flavors. Shows notes of mint and espresso on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of lemon and mango, with just a hint of mineral. Medium- to full-bodied, with good fruit, fresh acidity and a medium finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with a grapefruit edge to the fresh pear flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This crisp red offers cherry and berry flavors, with leafy and herbaceous notes and fresh acidity over supple tannins. A hint of chocolate rounds out the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This is plump up front, with grapefruit and lime notes, then turns tangy on the finish, with a nice stony hint. END
BEGIN NOW A juicy, modern style, showing plush-textured flavors of black currant, plum, tobacco and toast, with a solid, fleshy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe and easygoing, offering a nice range of pear, orange and mineral aromas and flavors, which linger nicely on the dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with dark cherry and French roast flavors, followed by notes of mint and sandalwood on the inky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Packed with ripe black cherry and caramel aromas and soft, jammy flavors that have a zesty, toasty oak finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and zesty, showing plenty of melon, nectarine and white peach flavors, with just a touch of spritz. Has a fresh finish of mineral and citrus. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and jammy, with distinctive aromas of raspberry, fresh tobacco and white pepper and appealing plum and roasted anise flavors that end with lively acidity. Zinfandel, Petite Sirah, Carignane and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fruity, with spice and floral character piling on. Yet this isn't heavy or sweet. Finishes clean. END
BEGIN NOW Grassy lemon-lime and grapefruit flavors are tasty and direct, with a juicy peach note on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This has blackberry, coffee and spice aromas and zesty flavors that take on tannins on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very plummy and grapey on the nose, with hints of chocolate. Full-bodied, soft and succulent, with lots of flavor and a long, long finish. Delicious. END
BEGIN NOW Offers loads of mineral and blackberry character, with hints of violet. Full and rich, with loads of soft tannins and a vanilla aftertaste. A bit hollow midpalate. Very New World in style. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with forward, ripe maraschino cherry fruit and a nice dash of spice on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and appealing for its pear and black pepper aromatics and lively structure. END
BEGIN NOW Tasty, with ripe black cherry and raspberry notes and a smooth texture. Grace notes of chocolate and gingerbread linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Currant and berry, with hints of vanilla, follow through to a full body, with fine tannins and a clean finish. Sangiovese, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with mineral and floral notes leading the way for apple and quince fruit flavors, followed by a fresh finish. Great value. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with an earthy, slightly herbal edge to the blackberry and pepper flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This fresh, juicy red offers plum, cherry and grape flavors laced with sweet vanilla from oak. It has bright acidity and enough tannins for grip. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe, with pear and fig fruit flavors, backed by a toasty, grilled nut finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing for its currant and mocha flavors and supple texture. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and firm, this light white delivers pear, lime and floral notes. Clean and balanced. Not showy, but harmonious. Brings you back for another sip. Verdejo, Viura and Sauvignon Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, with pink grapefruit and melon notes backed by a soft, open-knit finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and velvety, with dried cherry and ripe plum flavors that linger against mild tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of blackberry and mushroom character on the nose and palate. Full, round and delicious. END
BEGIN NOW Vibrant, with lots of juicy red fruit flavors and plenty of pepper and meat notes. Flavors linger on the crisp and spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW A young and perky little Cabernet, with black cherry and toasty oak aromas and spicy blackberry and espresso flavors. Just enough depth and tannins keep things interesting. END
BEGIN NOW Plenty of mineral and raspberry character follows through to a medium body, with fresh tannins and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and ripe, with a spicy, almost Viognier-like character to the pear and orange flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Grassy herb, melon and citrus notes are fresh and refreshing, ending with a clean aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Focused flavors of cherry, plum, vanilla and spice mingle in this round, firm red. Hints of tar and spice emerge on the palate. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and juicy, with pretty blueberry and plum flavors that sail through the fine-grained, deftly balanced finish. END
BEGIN NOW An easy-drinking red, with cherry, citrus and fresh herb character. Medium body. Clean, tight finish. This never let's you down for the buck. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and aromatic. A juicy mouthful of plum and blackberry, with a bouquet of sweet spices, lingering effortlessly on the fine-grained finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and focused. A lean-textured red, with black pepper and licorice overtones to the dark fruit flavors, lingering well. END
BEGIN NOW Forward and juicy, with lots of dark plum and blackberry notes, framed by toast and mineral hints. A solid introduction to the appellation. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, with dark plum and mineral flavors and meaty overtones. Notes of licorice, dark chocolate and Asian spice on the firm finish.  END
BEGIN NOW This fleshy red offers lovely chocolate oaky notes that frame ripe, plush blackberry fruit and light tannins. Straightforward and appealing. END
BEGIN NOW On the sweet side, with clean mixed berry fruit and a tinge of vanilla on the finish. A good crowd-pleasing style. Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Malbec and Petit Verdot. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and open-knit, with red and black cherry notes backed by modest toast and briar hints on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fresh, with peach and floral notes followed by a lively finish. Clairette, Ugni Blanc, Grenache Blanc and Bourboulenc. END
BEGIN NOW A medium-bodied white that features plenty of mineral, basil and citrus flavors. Finishes with grapefruit and hints of spice. END
BEGIN NOW A lighter style, with fresh, snappy black cherry and blackberry fruit that's vibrant and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Offers good berry, currant and mineral character. Medium-bodied, with fresh acidity and a medium finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, with grapefruit, lemon zest and tangy sea salt notes followed by a nice fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Thick and silky, with spicy apple and mineral character. Medium- to full-bodied, with a slightly candied finish. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and muscular, with concentrated red plum, mineral and cassis flavors and dried cherry notes. The long, pure-tasting finish echoes the fruit and also features plenty of tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with mineral and stone fruit flavors and plenty of fresh citrus notes. Perfect as a well-chilled quaff on a hot summer's day. END
BEGIN NOW A velvety young red, with light barley aromas and flavors and some blackberry pie character. Full, soft and round, with lots of fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Appealing for its fresh raspberry and spicy toast aromas and supple, user-friendly black cherry, vanilla and mushroom flavors that firm up on finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plum and red berry flavors, with appealing herbal shadings, are well-structured, though lean-tasting in the end. END
BEGIN NOW Shows aromas and flavors of forest fruits, with a hint of oak. Medium-bodied, with a well-balanced palate and a hint of vanilla on the finish. Nicely done. END
BEGIN NOW A luscious white, with essence of peach and ripe pear and some spicy notes. The finish is soft and supple. END
BEGIN NOW Interesting for its mix of grapefruit, mineral and pineapple flavors. The short finish features spicy accents. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Offers pure, lively flavors of red cherry and raspberry, with a fresh minerality and a snappy finish of fruit and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Bright fruit flavors of raspberry and blueberry are underscored by anise and cardamom notes, with zesty acidity. Light- to medium-bodied and easy to like. END
BEGIN NOW Hints of spice, sandalwood and cedar turn delicate and elegant, with touches of cherry and raspberry. END
BEGIN NOW Taut, showing crisp apple and crunchy peach flavors, with hints of apricot and golden raisin and a clean finish of spice and mineral. Gros Manseng and Petit Manseng. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and balanced, offering apple flavors, with a hint of mineral. Lingers nicely on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A smoky aroma leads to firm flavors of baked apple, pineapple, grapefruit and apricot. Finishes with savory spice. Roditis, Chardonnay and Ugni Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW The sweet raspberry fruit is lightly spiced and sits on an easygoing framework. Clean and refreshing, this would be good with cold cuts. Garnacha, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Parraleta. END
BEGIN NOW A round, juicy red, with good earthy cherry and berry character. Medium-bodied, with a clean, fruity finish. END
BEGIN NOW Refreshing, with lots of bright strawberry and cherry flavors followed by a tasty finish filled with stone and dried fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and forward, with a nice range of black cherry, plum, spice and mineral notes. There's a nice dash of grip on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fragrant, with mango, passion fruit, ruby grapefruit and pineapple flavors that are ripe and mouthwatering. The intensity and purity of the flavors carry through on the long finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy. A lively mouthful of raspberry, with a hint of earth as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, grapey and forward, with extra currant, grilled beef and licorice flavors on the back end. This is a solid, mouthfilling wine. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy grapefruit, lime and passion fruit flavors are tasty, with fresh-cut grass and citrus notes that glide on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Peachy-tasting, with soft vanilla notes, pretty floral components and a spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Has a pretty copper, salmon color, with lively flavors of berry, plum and delicious light spicy notes. The crisp finish shows hints of lime. Syrah, Grenache and Cinsault. END
BEGIN NOW Fragrant and floral, with lime, fresh hay and peach notes. Juicy and refreshing in an elegant way. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and forward, with apple, apricot and piecrust notes followed by a dash of butter on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy tangerine, grapefruit and grass notes have a slight pithy edge that gives this a refreshing bite. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW A crisp, juicy white, with well-concentrated green apple and citrus flavors and creamy, lightly spiced notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and forward, with lively black cherry and white pepper notes followed by an easygoing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, but well-knit and silky, with clean black fruit and mineral character. Decent length for a red at this price. Good value. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth in texture, with a distinct herbal character up front, finishing with plum and chocolate flavors as the oak comes through. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty, with good balance to the citrus, mineral and sea salt flavors and a viscous texture on the finish. Ideal for oysters on the half shell. Vermentino and Grenache Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Focused, with spicy Meyer lemon, lime and papaya flavors that balance zippy acidity with fleshiness and lightness with persistence. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas and flavors of crushed berries make this juicy. The lively finish features notes of strawberry and cream. END
BEGIN NOW A full-bodied red that's backed up by muscular tannins and acidity. Has plenty of dark plum flavors, with dusty notes. Finishes with espresso roast. END
BEGIN NOW Shows refreshing Golden Delicious apple, pear and citrus flavors, with floral and spice flares. Has good intensity that persists through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers good apple, pineapple and floral notes, with a ripe, juicy finish. Contains 15 percent Marsanne. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas and flavors of blueberry fill this medium- to full-bodied red. Mineral and smoke notes intensify on the finish, along with the powerful tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Shows good lime and grapefruit flavors, with a hint of herb on the light finish. END
BEGIN NOW Showing maturity, with a softening edge to the plum and currant fruit, as cedar, tobacco and toast notes start to take over on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, floral scents join ripe pear, melon and honeysuckle flavors. Has a light cedary oak character on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Baked apple, peach and citrus flavors are flanked by buttery and toasty notes. Supple and fresh-tasting, with a spicy finish. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and forward, with pretty floral, blueberry and raspberry notes and a fresh, juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Shows modest aromas, but picks up intensity on the palate, with lively chive flower, lime and sea salt flavors followed by a tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This juicy red offers lively black cherry and blueberry flavors. Crisp acidity and light but firm tannins give structure to the soft, round mouthfeel. END
BEGIN NOW Up-front flavors of roasted nut, cream and toast linger on the finish. This is a distinctive cava, with a fine texture and good acidity. END
BEGIN NOW A tight red, with a meaty aroma and concentrated damson plum, sanguine and dried cherry flavors. The powerful finish features graphite notes. END
BEGIN NOW This bold white marries smoky and buttery notes with concentrated fruit flavors of pear and melon, bridged by firm acidity that brings focus and grip. Has good intensity. Viura with Malvasia. END
BEGIN NOW This tasty red mixes roasted plum, boysenberry and spice notes with tangy acidity and light tannins, with a moderate finish. END
BEGIN NOW Straightforward, showing fruit cocktail and tangy Meyer lemon flavors, with a bite of juicy ripe peach. The flavors linger nicely on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe, modern style. The velvety dark plum and blackberry fruit is augmented by cocoa and dark toast notes, with a plush finish. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Plump, with medium-weight pear, apple and toast flavors and a nice round finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pear, papaya and lime flavors are focused and balanced in this firm white. Has a nice solid texture, with a clean, lightly herbal finish. Verdejo and Viura. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied, with peach and lime flavors and a modestly crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW A distinctive Chardonnay, popping hints of nutmeg and mineral notes through the racy pear and sage flavors, which linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple yet plush, this delivers black cherry, cola and toast flavors, with floral and coffee accents. The tannins firm up the finish, and there's just enough acidity for balance. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet and polished, with a bitter almond edge to the pretty apricot and pear flavors, finishing sweet but light. END
BEGIN NOW Very forward, with ripe plum sauce, raspberry and sweet spice notes. The round, fleshy, easy finish lets the flavors linger. END
BEGIN NOW Very fruity, with lots of cherry and ripe raspberry character. Full and fruit-driven, with a long finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and generous, this is a broad mouthful of oak-accented, mocha- and vanilla-laced black fruit flavors, lingering on the polished finish. END
BEGIN NOW Raspberry and blueberry notes combine with a hint of tobacco in this lively red. Easy to like, with a spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe and appealing for its pleasant raspberry and plum flavors, echoing gently on the polished finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very floral and minerally on the nose, with a hint of black grape. Medium-bodied, with firm, fruit-coated tannins and a slightly raw feel to the finish. Good value. Best after 2007. 12,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with green melon and lemon custard flavors on a zingy structure. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, with tangy pear and lemon flavors that remain vivid on the polished finish. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Really fresh and ripe, with dark cherry, licorice and graphite flavors that race through the medium-bodied finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, modern style, with ripe blackberry and boysenberry flavors backed by sweet toast and spice notes. Ripe fruit and licorice notes linger on the fleshy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers plenty of fresh plum and lemon aromas and flavors. Full-bodied, with lots of fruit and a long finish. Stylish. From Gaglioppo. END
BEGIN NOW Light and crisp, with lemony pear flavors on a lively frame. END
BEGIN NOW Zesty and jammy, with cinnamon, cherry and spicy anise notes and a lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fat and round, with peach and melon flavors. Almost heavy on the finish, but stays fresh enough, with hints of butter and peach pit. Roussanne and Grenache Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Light and juicy, with pear and apple cider flavors picking up a hint of wet earth as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW A soft-textured Tocai, with apple, peach and light spice character. Medium-bodied, with rich fruit flavors and a salty mineral finish. Lots going on. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and bright, with refreshing lemon and pineapple flavors, lingering nicely against a hint of coconut on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and fresh, with pleasant flavors of raspberry, mocha and spice. A hint of chocolate-covered cherry lingers on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Sinewy, with a meaty aroma. Fleshed out with mineral and dried cherry flavors. Finishes with spice and mocha. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh, easygoing style, with raspberry and briar notes backed by a touch of toast. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and distinctive, with a carambola (star fruit) note mingling with lemon on the crisp frame. END
BEGIN NOW Peach, grapefruit and light herbal flavors mingle in this bright white. The broad texture and crisp acidity are nicely balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and appealing for its gentle raspberry and tar flavors that linger softly. Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and fragrant, with floral and white pepper overtones to the blackberry flavors, finishing with an edge of sawed wood. END
BEGIN NOW Light and appealing for its pretty raspberry and spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and fresh, with good red plum and grape flavors backed by a hint of tobacco on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Effusive and bright, with cherry pit, strawberry and mineral notes followed by a refreshing finish. An ideal summer back-porch pour that has the stuffing to match with food. Made from Cinsault, Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW This is crisp in texture, but broad enough to display its cherry and herbal flavors nicely. Finishes with grace. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and creamy, with almond, brioche and pear flavors that linger nicely on the soft, pillowy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Distinctly bell peppery, but with enough cherry and spice flavors for balance, letting the finish linger. END
BEGIN NOW Tasty, with briary tannins carrying good black cherry and blackberry fruit notes. Shows a touch of toast on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, lively and refreshing for its lemon and green apple flavors, persisting nicely on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fine in texture, with juicy blackberry and plum flavors, hinting at green peppercorn as the finish lingers against refined tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and fresh, with citrus, floral and mineral notes and a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Really fresh, with lots of juicy blackberry, bramble and hot stone notes that linger on the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy, with crisply defined tangerine and nectarine flavors and a spicy finish. Delivers a nice change of pace. END
BEGIN NOW Shows nice crushed plum and black currant fruit, with sweet toast, licorice and loam notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fruity, with an elegant spicy component. Flavors of melon, cherry and red berry, which have good length on the finish. Merlot, Tannat and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Offers good dark berry and licorice flavors, with some sweet toast on the finish. Has nice flesh and grip. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and fragrant. A lithe mouthful of currant and pomegranate shaded with hints of fresh red pepper. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe, toasty and appealing for its dark berry and licorice flavors that linger on the open-textured finish against a sparse layer of grippy tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe and appealing for its earthy, slightly minerally red plum and pomegranate on a modest scale, lingering well. END
BEGIN NOW Polished and lively. A juicy mouthful of blackberry and gentle spice flavors, lingering effortlessly on the round finish. END
BEGIN NOW A big wine, with beefy black currant, loam and dark licorice flavors. The muscular, fleshy finish shows nice coffee and cedar hints. Very Maipo. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fruity, with honey and apple character. Medium-bodied, with a creamy melon aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Shows tasty pear, fig and lime flavors, with a fresh, minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fragrant, with lively grapefruit and passion fruit flavors that finish with sweet pea and mint notes. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fruity, with lemony, minerally aromas and flavors. Medium body, good acidity. Light finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, with sweet pea, grass, lime and grapefruit flavors accented by mineral and a hint of sweetness on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Subtle aromas of Indian spices and raspberry follow through to a light-bodied palate, with good fruit and a delicate finish. Lighter than last year. END
BEGIN NOW Floral, with hints of lavender, almond paste and white peach. Medium-bodied, with a lightly crisp mineral finish. Lots of character. END
BEGIN NOW Offers nice lemon, white peach and herb notes, with a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of apple and cream up front, with a medium froth and a clean grapefruit and mineral finish. END
BEGIN NOW Streamlined, with very good concentration to lime juice, grass and guava flavors highlighted by wet stone character. END
BEGIN NOW Loads of bright berry and mineral character on the nose and palate. Medium body, silky texture and a medium finish. END
BEGIN NOW A boxer with quick hands. Lime and grapefruit vibrancy weave through stone, mineral and baby powder flavors. Intensity lingers, with clay and sweat pea nuances. END
BEGIN NOW Shows lots of banana and apple character on the nose. Full-bodied, with a thick texture and a ripe fruit aftertaste. Oily and slightly one-dimensional. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with piecrust, pear, fig and butter notes backed by a hint of hazelnut on the soft finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tart and tangy, with very good intensity to grass, grapefruit and green apple flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Straightforward, with plum and stem character. Medium-bodied, with light tannins and a simple finish. END
BEGIN NOW Some apple and mineral character on the nose follows through to a medium-bodied palate, with fresh acidity and a medium finish. END
BEGIN NOW Concentrated, with tart lime juice and grass notes highlighted by crushed stone, pink grapefruit and vibrant gooseberry flavors. Green tea and guava linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fruity, with cherry and raspberry jam character. Medium-bodied, with light tannins and a fruity finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy and tart, with lime, green apple and grass flavors accented by grapefruit and stone nuances. END
BEGIN NOW Delicate, with lemon and light floral and mineral character. Medium fizz, with a clean, fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and lean, with lime and lemon flavors and a clean finish. Not big, but fresh and lively. END
BEGIN NOW Elegant and crisp, with apple, pine and lemon notes. On the dry side. Well-balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Round and forward, with apple, piecrust and toast notes. END
BEGIN NOW Shows lavender and lemon character. Medium-bodied, with a crisp mineral finish and an intense lemon rind aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fruity, with cherry and raspberry jam character. Medium-bodied, with light tannins and a fruity finish. END
BEGIN NOW Round, with very good intensity to lime juice, grass and grapefruit flavors and lingering minerality. END
BEGIN NOW An Australian Riesling style, with firm, tart acidity framing very concentrated flavors of lemon rind, minerals and beeswax. END
BEGIN NOW Pear, yellow apple and lime juice flavors have very good concentration, with stone notes and a hint of apricot on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Subtle aromas of Indian spices and raspberries follow through to a light-bodied palate, with good fruit and a delicate finish. Lighter than last year. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of apple and cream up front, medium froth and a clean grapefruit and mineral finish. Fun to drink. END
BEGIN NOW Round and forward, with apple, piecrust and toast notes. END
BEGIN NOW Focused and lively, with grapefruit, lime juice and grass flavors that finish with tangy green apple acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Floral, with hints of lavender, almond paste and white peach. Medium-bodied, with a lightly crisp mineral finish. Lots of character. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and fresh, with pear, lemon and grass character. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, showing lots of crunchy-textured lime, chive, flint and floral notes, with a nice tangy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and silky, with berry and milk chocolate aromas and flavors. Medium-bodied, with fine tannins and a caressing finish. Best after 2007. 10,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, with sweet pea, grass and lime-grapefruit flavors accented by minerals and a rumor of sweetness on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tart and tangy, with very good intensity to grass, grapefruit and green apple flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fruity, with honey and apple character. Medium-bodied, with a creamy melon aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with piecrust, pear, fig and butter notes backed by a hint of hazelnut on the soft finish. END
BEGIN NOW Good everyday Soave, with peach, bitter almond and pleasant floral notes. Medium-bodied, with a lightly silky consistency and a crisp fruity finish. Allegrini hasn't made a Soave in years; this one is delicious. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy and tart, with lime, green apple and grass flavors accented by grapefruit and stone nuances. END
BEGIN NOW Lavender and lemon character. Medium-bodied, with a crisp mineral finish. Intense lemon rind aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Shows modest aromas, but has a nice bracing palate of persimmon, ginger, honeysuckle and peach flavors, with a refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Streamlined, with very good concentration to lime juice, grass and guava flavors highlighted by wet stone character. END
BEGIN NOW This is filled with pippin apple flavors and also shows some crisp citrus notes, with a fresh, minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Very plummy, with red berry flavors, and plenty of freshness and structure. Minerally elements spark the finish. Carignane and Grenache. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, off-dry white, with vanilla bean and peach flavors and a finish filled with marzipan notes. END
BEGIN NOW Bright cherry and savory spice flavors power this red. Hints of smoke and paprika on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, floral style, with white peach, tangerine and grapefruit notes. Nice, bright finish. END
BEGIN NOW Well-integrated flavors of plum, berry and pepper make this a balanced and supple red. Fresh, mineral-filled finish takes on meaty notes. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and crunchy white, with minerally and ripe apple flavors and luscious spice notes. Cream and meringue on the rich finish. END
BEGIN NOW On the light side, with a silky texture and pretty currant and herb flavors that linger gently. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, plush and clean, with plum, cherry, vanilla and cocoa notes followed by a round, fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW This round red shows ripe flavors of roasted plum and raisin, with smoky notes and well-integrated tannins. Fresh, with a spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Good plum, currant and loam hints. Fleshy, but not heavy on the finish, with a nice hint of herb. END
BEGIN NOW Concentrated plum and berry flavors, with some dusty and mineral notes, are the hallmarks of this muscular red. Peppery and meaty notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet and generous with its pear, grapefruit, pineapple and delicate mineral flavors, finishing with a welcome balance between the sugar and fine acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Creamy texture, with nice focus to the lemon zest, chamomile, pear and green almond notes. Sweet, but elegant finish, with nice lingering acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fruity. A refreshing mouthful of grapefruit and melon flavors that linger nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Muscular, with aromas and flavors of dried cherry and spice. Plenty of peppery notes on the tannic finish. END
BEGIN NOW Nice focus, with chive, straw and grass flavors that run through a crisp finish. Good length. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with fleshy fig, bacon, mint and coffee flavors. Herb and tobacco hints chime in on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and forward, with lots of lemon, peach, grass and chive flavors that run through a plump, medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Broad and spicy, with lots of barrel character and a lingering touch of fig and lime on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A rich, earthy aroma is followed by cherry and spice notes in this chewy, medium-weight red. Moderate tannins provide grip on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and open, with peach, floral and mineral hints that linger nicely on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light-bodied and fresh, with lychee and grapefruit notes followed by a minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fleshy, with ripe plum and dark cherry flavors, and plenty of meaty notes. Hickory and spice fill the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fruity, with pretty currant fruit, finishing with a refreshing lift. END
BEGIN NOW Rich, with vibrant acidity, but the flavors are muted, with lemon, almond and apple. It's shy in the end, though balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry and damson plum flavors mingle in this round red. It's clean and fresh, with just enough tannin for grip. END
BEGIN NOW Full-bodied, with ripe peach, mineral and smoke flavors, and a bright, spicy finish. Serve with roasted poultry. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, ripe and appealing for its currant and plum flavors, finishing with a touch of cedar. Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Malbec and Cabernet Franc. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy plum, cherry and berry flavors are well-balanced and refreshing. Finishes with white pepper notes. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fragrant, with pineapple and pine resin aromas and flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Shows green pepper and tobacco leaf hints, with supple plum, cherry and toast notes and a nice silky finish. Nicely done, if you don't mind the herbal twinge. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and generous. A juicy mouthful of green olive, red pepper and currant flavors, hitting a black pepper note as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Good currant black cherry, tobacco and briar flavors, with an open-knit finish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Very minerally, almost like a Pinot Noir, with pepper and red plum fruit flavors. Supple, with paprika notes on the finish. Carignane. END
BEGIN NOW Firm in texture, but with a nice bead of currant and earthy spice flavors that linger on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, with tangerine notes and tropical fruit flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Plush and tender, this modern red offers cherry and berry flavors, with a hint of sweet vanilla. It's bright and quaffable. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and lively, with fresh cut lime, mineral and chive notes. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and juicy, this shows peach and lime notes, with a hint of slate in the background. It's vibrant and forward, with a lingering aftertaste of mineral. END
BEGIN NOW A hint of banana in aroma, followed by vanilla cream and mineral notes. Rich midpalate, with moderate structure and tactile finish. END
BEGIN NOW Nice forward, juicy style, with pear, fig and toast flavors kept honest by ripe acidity. END
BEGIN NOW This solid red shows fresh plum and black cherry flavors, with mineral and toasty notes that add depth. It's quite dense, with firm tannins, and stays balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Quite minerally, with loads of green peach, pineapple and spice flavors. Notes of melon on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Offers lots of lime, floral, chalk and sweet pea flavors that run through a steely finish. Nicely done. END
BEGIN NOW Very minerally and fresh, with a good density to the red plum and raspberry flavors. Finishes with notes of hoisin sauce and smoke. Carignane, Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Shows hints of fig, grass, lime and chalk, with a moderately rich, minerally finish. Very friendly style. END
BEGIN NOW All the aromatic varieties make this more like a Viognier than a Chardonnay, but it's a generous dry white, with peach and floral notes. Chardonnay, Riesling, Orange Muscat, Muscat Ottonel, Viognier and Roussanne. END
BEGIN NOW Concentrated, with plenty of roasted plum and meat flavors, and a smoky tinge. Tight finish filled with graphite notes. END
BEGIN NOW A touch sweet, with a spicy Muscat edge to the tropical fruit and pineapple notes, with hints of pear and apple. END
BEGIN NOW This chewy red offers plum, chocolate, licorice and light gamy flavors, with rugged tannins. A bit rustic, but good typicity. Monastrell, Tempranillo and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Rich, firm and complex, serving a mix of grapefruit, vanilla cream, slate and spice aromas and flavors. Balanced, leaving a mouthwatering impression. END
BEGIN NOW A dark, structured style, with cedar, cocoa, tobacco, currant and loam notes that run through a muscular finish. More like Cabernet than Merlot, but solid. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and off-dry, this white displays lemon and peach flavors on a juicy profile. Balanced, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Peppery black cherry and wild berry aromas are lean and firm on the palate, giving it a crisp, refreshing mouthfeel. END
BEGIN NOW A polished style, with a layer of sweet, bacony toast covering the straightforward plum and currant fruit. Toast lingers on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Berry, cherry and vanilla character. Medium-bodied, with a fresh finish. Clean and fruity. END
BEGIN NOW Fleshy, with good dark plum and currant fruit backed by loam, grilled herb and toast notes. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with nice dark grape and berry flavors, a touch of toast and a dash of grip on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and uncomplicated, with medium-weight mixed berry fruit and a toasty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively and appealing for its citrusy pear and gently toasty flavors, lingering softly. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and off-dry, with orange peel and tea leaf notes mixed in with pear and ripe apple flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Lightly sweet, with a caramel edge to the lime and toast flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with juicy nectarine and subtle spice flavors. Lingers gently on the dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and structured, with an iron and mineral cast to the deep well of plum and berry fruit. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fruity, with pretty pear and melon flavors, lingering on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Delightful, with dark, ripe cherry, plum and currant fruit followed by tobacco and mineral notes on the fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, with touches of elegance and fresh flavors of lanolin, honey, spice and ripe apple. The finish is redolent of melon. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tangy, with hints of lime around the green melon flavors, finishing dry. END
BEGIN NOW Clean-cut melon and pear flavors, with a round, fresh finish. Nice unadorned style. END
BEGIN NOW Round, firm and polished, this red shows underlying harmony and intensity. Raspberry, blackberry, mineral and toast flavors emerge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Good loam and cocoa notes, with mineral, sanguine, currant preserve and pepper flavors. Smoky finish has a nice tug of earth, but also plenty of fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Nice varietal character, with plum, violet and mineral notes that stay focused through the fleshy yet elegant finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy and focused, with a nice mineral edge to the black currant and raspberry fruit. Racy finish lets licorice and graphite notes linger. END
BEGIN NOW Nicely focused currant and plum sauce flavors framed by cedar and loam notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Good black cherry, currant and licorice notes, with tobacco and loam hints on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with lemon peel, grapefruit and chive flavors. Fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Clean, focused apple, pear and pineapple notes, with a flicker of minerality on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fragrant, with floral aromas, offering lemon, green apple and hints of resin as the flavors persist on the dry finish. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet, juicy and open-knit, with lots of plum, crushed berry, spice and licorice notes. A hint of briar on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A nice focused, claret-style Cabernet, with mineral and grilled herb notes leading the way for supple currant and plum. Judicious toast on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Intriguing licorice, plum sauce and graphite notes are layered with hints of mocha and violet. Dark and concentrated, but with nice purity on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright grape and cherry flavors weave through the thick texture of this extracted red. Has some power, but remains slightly clumsy. END
BEGIN NOW Pure, with cassis and cherry fruit layered with spice and tobacco notes. Slightly firm structure at the end, yet the finish is long and shows nice minerality. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and pure, with the vintage's textbook flavor profile of raspberry and licorice, backed by a graphite hint on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe, open-textured and generous, with racy lime, pineapple and apple flavors lingering nicely on the bright finish. END
BEGIN NOW A creamy red, showing flavors of boysenberry and raspberry up front, with touches of black licorice. Red cherry and spice notes pervade the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and generous with its pear and spice flavors, lingering gently. END
BEGIN NOW Elegant style, with cassis and plum notes riding along soft, easy tannins. Hint of violet on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Broad, gentle style, showing tart apple, olive and herb notes. Leaves a tingling around the gums, but could use a tad more tanginess. END
BEGIN NOW Very pure, with lots of grape, cassis and plum flavors backed by creamy tannins and a long, sweet finish. A crowd pleaser. END
BEGIN NOW A dry white blend with restraint. Lets its stone fruit and citrus flavors emerge gracefully, with the peach and spice flavors lingering nicely. Riesling, Sauvignon Blanc, Marsanne and Roussanne. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, with peach and citrus notes followed by a hint of almond on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A softer style, with pretty peach and floral flavors, finishing with a touch of spice. END
BEGIN NOW Bright stone fruit aromas and flavors, with a firm almond note framing the finish. Delightful. END
BEGIN NOW A simple, slightly rustic red, with berry, meat and vanilla character. Medium-bodied, with firm tannins and a medium finish. Prugnolo Gentile, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW A sturdy young red, offering blackberry, black cherry, rose and a hint of toasty coconut. Enjoyable. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy core of black cherry, with bramble and spice hints and good grip on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and focused, with red plum and currant fruit mixed with briar, mineral and END
BEGIN NOW Plenty of blackberry fruit on the nose. Full-bodied, yet refined and silky. Medium finish. Attractive. Best after 2007. 8,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and fruity, with citrus and berry character. Medium-bodied, with a clean finish. Excellent value. END
BEGIN NOW Green apple, fig, lemon and herb flavors have a nice touch of sweetness midpalate. Cleansing aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW A whiff of banana gives way to more typical lemon, salt and floral notes. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple, showing juicy red plum and berry flavors, with chocolate and bricklike notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Rich, mouthfilling black currant and fig flavors, with lots of tobacco and tar on the brawny finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and bouncy, with black cherry fruit, decent grip and a fruit- and spice-filled finish. END
BEGIN NOW Good raspberry and black cherry fruit, with mineral and spice notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Straightforward flavors of apple, pear and butter linger through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit, with sandalwood and black tea aromas leading the way for red plum and rhubarb notes. Slightly firm tannins frame the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plum, briar and toast flavors are up front and appealing in this lively, balanced red. Mineral and spice notes linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, with apricot and apple aromas and flavors that linger nicely. END
BEGIN NOW This supple red shows cherry, smoke and mineral notes, supported by firm but well-integrated tannins that give way to a vanilla-scented finish. Pretty, in a lighter style. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and spicy, with lots of cherry and strawberry fruit backed by nice structure. END
BEGIN NOW On the jammy side, with raspberry and fig notes backed by spicy toast. Fruit and briar notes linger on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dark plum and blackberry fruit, with bramble and toast on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Clean, with good lemon and herb notes that linger through the refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Focused, with red plum, currant, raisin and toast flavors. Slightly firm finish, but solid fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and inviting for its pleasant core of currant and spice flavors, with a wee touch of earth and cedar on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fresh, a refreshing mouthful of plum and blueberry flavors, lingering well. END
BEGIN NOW A more traditional style, with hints of licorice and tobacco leading the way for plum and cherry fruit. Mix of tar and earth on the slightly rustic finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing for its blueberry-scented currant and cedar flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, with flint, lime, floral and mineral notes on a bright frame. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, appealing for its bright nectarine, lemon and apricot flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Light and bright, with a minty edge to the blackberry flavors, finishing smooth. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and focused, a refined red with pretty blueberry and currant fruit, shaded with white pepper as the tart finish persists against firm tannins. Best from 2009 through 2014. 52,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and sprightly, with pleasant blackberry and herb flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and generous, with blueberry and currant flavors that linger nicely on the juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and appealing for its red cherry and sassafras aromas and flavors, lingering softly on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and lively, a juicy mouthful of blueberry, blackberry and cedar flavors that remain crisp through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A clean and crisp medium-bodied white, with sliced apple and melon aromas and flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This firm red is austere now, with dark flavors of coffee, mineral, prune and earth. A promising blueberry note emerges on the finish.  Best after 2006. 12,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, with a green herbal note poking through the blackberry and white pepper flavors, finishing tart. END
BEGIN NOW A nice, focused, medium-weight Merlot, with plum, cocoa and herb notes, followed by a soft, fleshy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, with a layer of toast framing the currant, black cherry and tobacco flavors. Finish shows loam and grilled herb hints. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and focused, with cherry and red currant fruit. Ample structure on the long, minerally, refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and modestly appealing for its earthy cherry flavors, finishing with polish. Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW A pleasant Soave, with apple, white peach and light honey aromas and flavors. Medium-bodied, with good balance and a stony mineral finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and round, with currant and green olive flavors that linger on the open finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe and silky, with pretty raspberry, tobacco and herb flavors that remain light and appealing through the lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Nice pure red currant and red cherry fruit, with modest toast and a fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, but fresh, with good pear and apple notes followed by a buttery finish. END
BEGIN NOW This plush red delivers cherry, currant and fresh tobacco flavors over well-integrated tannins. Not muscular, but focused. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, with lively blueberry and spice flavors, finishing gently. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of apple, pineapple and cream follow through to a medium-bodied palate, with fresh acidity and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Spicy, generous red, with loads of white pepper and plum, and an exotic spicy note as well. Pure, minerally finish. Grenache and Syrah. END
BEGIN NOW Good richness, with grapefruit, peach and lemon zest aromas and flavors followed by a grassy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with straightforward pear and spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Attractive green apple and minerals on the nose. Medium body, with fresh acidity and a medium finish. Bright and fruity. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of mineral, apple and peach on the nose. Medium-bodied, with good fruit and nice acidity. Delicious wine. END
BEGIN NOW Lighter style of Shiraz has pretty strawberry and pomegranate fruit character on a lithe frame, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Complex, with floral, onion skin, tart citrus and herbal flavors that are firm and intense. Ends with a crisp earth and tobacco note. END
BEGIN NOW Intense, vibrant and clean as a whistle, with fresh quince, lemon-lime and freshly cut grass. Picks up a nice stony mineral edge on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, toasty style, with lots of butter, pear and brioche notes. Buttery finish has enough zip to keep it honest. END
BEGIN NOW Blueberry and raspberry aromas and flavors, with mineral, savory herb and spice notes on the finish. Firm and balanced. Best from 2007 through 2010. 10,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and fruity, with lip-smacking dark plum and red cherry flavors, with meaty notes and plenty of spice. Fresh, juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fresh, with a nice minerally edge to the green apple and pear hints. END
BEGIN NOW Rich and honeyed, if not that expressive, with a good underpinning of acidity. Overall, it's satisfying and fresh. END
BEGIN NOW Light, dry and refreshing for its orange and melon flavors, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Interesting for its texture, and its juicy flavors of plum, cherry and spice. Plenty of tannins in this as well. Needs some grilled chicken. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with fresh-tasting citrus flavors and appealing herbal notes. Minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Well-structured and fresh, with plum, berry and cherry flavors. Firm whack of tannins on the finish, but balanced and pure-tasting. END
BEGIN NOW Lime, grass and green apple flavors run through this light, crisp white. END
BEGIN NOW A simple white, with candied lemon and light minerals. Very fresh and lively. END
BEGIN NOW Solid ripeness and density to the pear and citrus flavors, with cream and spice on the clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and full-bodied, with dark plum and berry flavors and peppery notes. Fresh finish of herb, spice and smoke. Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing for its plum and spice flavors, finishing with a toasty note. END
BEGIN NOW Firm and filled with red fruit flavors, with plenty of savory herb and spice notes. Fresh, minerally elements come to the fore on the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Smooth, light and appealing for its juicy pear and spice flavors, finishing with a lovely tangerine note. END
BEGIN NOW Attractive cherry and raspberry on the nose. Medium body, with fresh acidity and a clean, crisp finish. From the new Maremma estate of Veneto producer Tommasi. END
BEGIN NOW Some berry and cherry character, with hints of orange peel. Medium body. Fresh finish. Negroamaro and Primitivo. END
BEGIN NOW Light and tart, with a green edge to the apple and lime flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Very pretty aromas of mango, apple and lemon. Full-bodied, with fresh acidity and a long, clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW A succulent white, boasting peach, apple and citrus flavors. It has enough acidity to keep it focused and the aftertaste is clean and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Plum and damsons on the nose, with hints of flowers and saddle leather. Full-bodied, jammy and velvety, with a long, rich finish. Thick. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, tangy with pineapple and lime flavors, echoing on the lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Delicious red, with aromas and flavors of plum, earth, chocolate and Turkish delight. Medium-bodied, with fine tannins and lots of exotic flavor on the long finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright, juicy, focused and appealing for its plum and cherry fruit that keeps sailing against superfine tannins on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, with dark plum fruit, game and toast notes and a smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW A wine with waxy lemon and apple character. Medium body, fresh acidity and a fruity finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing for its lemony pear flavors, finishing with a touch of earth. END
BEGIN NOW Mineral, apple and mineral character. Medium-bodied, with lots of dried pineapple and apple character. Medium finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and juicy, with a root beer note that adds interest to the blackberry and gentle spice flavors, finishing with mildly chewy tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, with citrusy acidity and lime flavors most prominent, finishing with a refreshing zip. END
BEGIN NOW Earthy, somewhat tart style has a welcome generosity and sense of pear-centered richness as the finish sails on. END
BEGIN NOW Dark berry, briar and toast notes with the toast taking the upper hand on the slightly chunky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, modern style, with spicy toast leading the way for raspberry and plum fruit flavors. Finish shows smoked bacon and dark chocolate notes. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet and appealing for its ripe pear and honey aromas and flavors, finishing with a touch of star fruit as the finish softens. END
BEGIN NOW Pineapple, honey aromas follow through to a medium- to full-bodied palate, with lemon and white peaches. Fresh acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and polished, generous with its black cherry and prune aromas and flavors, lingering on the supple finish. END
BEGIN NOW Alluring nose of mocha and spice, with a rich texture that carries raspberry and boysenberry fruit to a creamy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of pretty blackberry and fresh leaf aromas. Medium-bodied, with light tannins and a fruity finish. END
BEGIN NOW Quite juicy, with raspberry and blackberry fruit followed by sweet, mocha toast. Almost jammy on the finish, but keeps it together. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and appealing for its ripe cherry and currant fruit, the flavors lingering on the well-formed finish, hinting at plum and spice. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth, soft, dry and appealing for its almond-scented peach and star fruit aromas and flavors, lingering nicely on the fragrant finish. END
BEGIN NOW Rich, ripe and lush, with a pretty creaminess and loads of plum, berry, spice and red currant flavors. Enticing, with a long, fresh, crunchy finish. Tinta Franca, Tinta Roriz and Tinta Barroca. END
BEGIN NOW Light and appealing for its pretty peach and gooseberry flavors, lingering on the balanced finish. END
BEGIN NOW This red delivers juicy flavors of plums and blackberry, with black pepper and tobacco notes. The tannins are a bit clumsy now, but lively acidity leaves a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lighter than most Chardonnays, with gentle apple, citrus and mint aromas and flavors that persist on the polished finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and lively, with lemon zest, white peach and dried pineapple flavors. Refreshing finish. END
BEGIN NOW Wonderfully fresh, with dried strawberry, red cherry and mineral notes. Has some nice weight too, which should work well with summer fare. END
BEGIN NOW Grass, melon and apple aromas remind me of Sauvignon Blanc, yet this is rich and complex on the palate, with lively acidity and a cleansing, refreshing aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Black cherry and leather notes grace this lean red. It's light- to medium-bodied, with a touch of heat on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A ripe, opulent style, with layers of ripe apple, pear, melon and a hint of mineral and citrus, ending with a rich, creamy aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Lean and a bit sour, with pippin apple, sliced pear, apple pie and hints of nectarine. Gains complexity and nuance on the finish, ending with a creamy nutmeg scent. END
BEGIN NOW Supple but light with red cherry, spice, floral and sandalwood notes. Not big, but balanced. END
BEGIN NOW Appealing for its generous currant fruit, which persists in the mouth as the tannins slide by. Petit Verdot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, with fine tannins around a lithe core of raspberry and herb flavors, finishing with a grace note of earthiness. Best from 2007 through 2012. 97,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW There's a nice minerality to this, with crunchy grapefruit and pear flavors, and some peppery notes on the crunchy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, straightforward and appealing for its grapey, slightly foxy fruit, finishing with generosity. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, crisp style has some ripe berry and earthy spice flavors that linger. END
BEGIN NOW On the lighter side, with a pretty bead of black pepper-accented blueberry and nutmeg flavors, finishing firm. END
BEGIN NOW Light and fragrant, with juicy pear and herb aromas and flavors, echoing nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, not as ebullient as some New Zealand Sauvignon Blancs, but it plays out its lime, green apple and gentle herb flavors smartly, lingering well. END
BEGIN NOW Attractive aromas of wild raspberries and flowers follow through to a medium-bodied palate, with fine tannins and a fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Spicy aroma, and decadent fruit and game flavors give this a rustic allure. Cream and spice fill the broad finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe, with black cherry and blackberry fruit backed by plenty of tar and tobacco notes. Juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Dark, with plum and blackberry fruit woven with violet and toast notes. Slightly trim finish, but good focus and varietal character. END
BEGIN NOW Solid, with fleshy plum and tobacco flavors backed by bittersweet cocoa on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty peach and melon flavors, with a hint of almond on the finish. Soft, but pure. END
BEGIN NOW A tight white, with fresh herb and peachy character. Medium-bodied, with bright lemon, apple character. Long, lively finish. END
BEGIN NOW Supple red with a touch of elegance and flavors of red plum, orange peel and sandalwood. Like an old-style Rioja, but with a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW A modern style, with spicy oak accenting the cherry and earth flavors of this elegant red. It's balanced and bright, with a moderate finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and simple, with good fruit and an appley mineral aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Mint, blackberry and briar aromas and flavors run through this medium-weight red. Toasty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, with modest intensity to its lime and floral notes. END
BEGIN NOW Modest dried cherry fruit, with a light, stony finish. END
BEGIN NOW A pleasant red with berry, currant and light herb character. Medium-bodied, with chewy tannins and a medium finish. A bit simple but very good. END
BEGIN NOW A minty note runs through this well-crafted red that is filled with lots of fresh berry and crushed red fruit flavors. Spicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tart, but appealing for its raspberry and roasted red pepper flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Tight young red, with berry, light coffee and oak character. Firm, medium body. Intense mineral finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth, appealing for its lightly spicy mix of blackberry and toasty oak flavor, lingering on the fine-grained finish. END
BEGIN NOW Clean, tangy style, with pippin apple and flint flavors. Fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and fruity, with a modest range of pretty pear and citrus flavors, finishing dry. END
BEGIN NOW Light and refreshing, with a modest level of white grapefruit and apple flavors giving this dry wine some charm. END
BEGIN NOW Clean and focused, with mixed berry fruit and sweet vanilla toast. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh pear and fig flavors with modest toast on the finish. Clean, fresh and nicely done. END
BEGIN NOW Distinctive for its vibrant lemon curd, herb, citrus and toasty vanilla flavors that linger in the background, finishing with a cleansing aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW A gentle, nicely modulated style offers a welcome balance between ripe blueberry and black pepper flavors with a sweet leather note as the finish persists. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe in flavor, but not too hearty, achieving a nice balance of focused plum and berry fruit against fine tannins and not too much alcohol. END
BEGIN NOW This red is balanced and straightforward, with fresh cherry, leather and spice flavors, firm tannins and lively acidity. Not showy, but a good complement to food. END
BEGIN NOW Very bright, with freshly cut lime flavor backed by a spine of slate. Long, vibrant and delicious. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty, with light-bodied red cherry, bramble and spice notes and a lingering tobacco hint. Nice length. END
BEGIN NOW Really nice, dark, racy fruit--black cherry and blackberry--with engaging mineral, toast and tobacco flavors. Long, juicy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and bright, with fine intensity to quince, green pear, lime and mineral flavors. A hint of tart grapefruit lingers in the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bracing style, with nervy lime, mineral, sea salt and citrus notes that crackle through the finish. Bring on the oysters. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and generous, a polished mouthful of cherry, licorice, espresso and dusky herbs lingering against silky tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Supple and appealing for its pure blueberry and currant flavors, nicely wrapped in fine tannins and lingering on the focused finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and open, with tangy red berry and mineral notes that ripple through the sinewy finish. Taut on its own, but should soften nicely with food. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth, open and generous with its minty berry flavors. END
BEGIN NOW A fruit-driven style, with vibrant, moderately rich apple, citrus, spice, quince and honeysuckle. Finishes with a pure fruit aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and light, with easygoing peach and melon notes. Chenin Blanc, Clairette, Riesling, Viognier and Grenache Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Rich and succulent, this sports tangy citrus and white peach notes, with a hint of white pepper. It's balanced and fresh, with a lingering finish. END
BEGIN NOW Plump texture, with grapefruit, lemon and herb notes. Herbal finish. END
BEGIN NOW On the firm side, with red and black cherry fruit followed by some tobacco and toast on the finish. Fleshes out in the glass, adding depth of fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit, with peach and apple notes and a fresh finish. Nice, unadorned style. END
BEGIN NOW Solid, with racy lemon peel, grapefruit and fig hints followed by a pure, clean, minerally finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward and easy, with slightly sweet almond, peach and tangerine notes. Clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light, with strawberry and peppermint notes on a lean frame, finishing with refined acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Fragrant and tart, with floral, lime, grass and grapefruit notes. Mineral and stone accents linger in the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pure, delicious fruit is on center stage, with fleshy pear, green apple, spice and citrus. Medium-bodied, with a cleansing aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and lively, with fine tannins surrounding a juicy core of currant and herb flavors, finishing on a savory note. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, with distinct green pea and lime peel aromas and flavors, finishing with a touch of grapefruit. END
BEGIN NOW Delicious blackberry, black currant, briar and END
BEGIN NOW Lovely nose here of crushed rose petals and sweet cherries. Full-bodied, with lovely fruit, fine tannins and a long, flavorful finish. Delicious. This is excellent value for the money. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, tight and chewy, with a solid core of tannins wrapped around the currant, blackberry, cedar and chicory notes that turn dry and austere. END
BEGIN NOW Some berry and lightly toasted oak. Medium-bodied, with round tannins. Best after 2006. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh, almost tart wine with lots of mineral and lime character. Medium body. Fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Simple and a bit loosely knit, with blackberry, earth and meat aromas and flavors. Slightly hollow midpalate. END
BEGIN NOW This vivid white delivers a burst of lemon-lime flavor, carried by electric acidity and buffered by a touch of sweetness. Not subtle, but refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW Plum and licorice character follows through to a medium-bodied palate, with soft tannins and a simple finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh young Chardonnay, with clean apple pie character. Clean medium body. END
BEGIN NOW Silky, with a berry and licorice character. Medium body, light finish. Slightly pointed tannins. Best after 2006. 66,665 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of plum, spices and cherry follow through to a medium-bodied palate, with stewed fruit and a light finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of cherry aromas and flavors. Slightly one-dimensional but fruity and pleasing. END
BEGIN NOW A good Moscato, with lots of fresh apricot and peach. Medium-bodied, lightly sweet, with a light froth and a fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Green apple, floral and mineral aromas and flavors. Medium-bodied, with a fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe apple, with lively spice and mineral. Medium-bodied, with a fresh, tangy palate. Chardonnay. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of meaty black fruit, with notes of coffee and minerals. Medium-bodied, with well-placed tannins and a firm minerally finish. Best after 2006. 7,080 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Wonderfully fruity and perfumed. Medium- to full-bodied, with fine tannins and a medium finish. Focused and refined with lovely fruit. Best after 2007. 5,400 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Grapey plum and wild berry aromas are appealing, if on a modest scale, ending with firm tannins and a dash of herb. END
BEGIN NOW Dried cherry, tea, herb and spice flavors slip through this supple red. Traditional in style, it's light, with just enough acid and tannins for grip. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of blackberry, meat and currant follow through to a full-bodied palate with soft tannins. Slightly hollow midpalate. But solid wine. Best after 2007. 4,050 cases made.	J.S. END
BEGIN NOW Attractive apple, honey and light cream aromas and flavors. Medium-bodied, with bright acidity and a short finish. END
BEGIN NOW Attractive apple, honey and light cream aromas and flavors. Medium-bodied, with bright acidity and a short finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of plummy character in this, with a medium- to full-bodied palate, chewy tannins and a medium finish. Best after 2006. 20,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and juicy, with lemon drop flavors on a light, lean frame, finishing with polish. END
BEGIN NOW A lithe, silky Pinot Noir with lovely cherry and spice aromas and flavors, lingering on the polished finish. Who knew Australia could make good Pinot at such an attractive price? END
BEGIN NOW Attractive blackberry and chocolate character with hints of Indian spices. Full-bodied, with fine tannins and a pretty finish. Best after 2006. 2,500 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW A simple Chardonnay, with some apple and piecrust character. Medium body. Tight finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fruity red with plum and raspberry character. Medium- to full-bodied, with fine tannins and a fruity finish. Best after 2006. 15,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Lots of fresh apple and floral character. Fruity, lightly sweet and frothy, with a fresh finish. Nicely done. END
BEGIN NOW Aromas of currant and berry with hints of vanilla follow through to a medium-bodied palate, with round tannins and a fruity finish. Already delicious. END
BEGIN NOW Roses and minerals, with a hint of sweet black fruit. Fresh, medium body, with an easy rustic lilt. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-weight red berry, toast and herb notes, with the herbal side showing more on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Clean and easy, with pink grapefruit flavor. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and fruity, with grape and plum flavors followed by a dash of toast. END
BEGIN NOW Wild berry flavors are simple and straightforward, with a likable cola and syrup character. END
BEGIN NOW Soft plum fruit, with briar and smoke notes in the background. END
BEGIN NOW Trim red berry and modest vanilla notes. Clean and uncomplicated. END
BEGIN NOW This smooth red pleases with its texture and harmony, offering modest flavors of black cherry, coffee and tobacco. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and sweet, this red slathers chocolate and vanilla oak flavors over jammy cherry fruit, with just enough tannins for ballast. Gulpable. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet cherry, vanilla and tobacco flavors mingle in this soft, traditional red. It's fresh and balanced. Grenache. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit, with mixed berry fruit, tobacco and lavender hints. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, with fig and butter notes. Round and soft on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tobacco and shiso leaf notes are backed by modest black cherry fruit and toast. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and forward, with black cherry, licorice and toast flavors. Round, smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh grapefruit and floral flavors, with an open-knit feel. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy blackberry and raspberry fruit gives this red an immediate appeal. It's fresh and direct, with light tannins and enough acid to keep it lively. Grenache, Tempranillo, Syrah and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Plum and cherry character with hints of minerals. Medium-bodied, with lemon undertones and a fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW On the dry side and bracing, with white peach, apple and mineral flavors mingling with the succulent texture. A tad short in intensity on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Loamy style, with mint, currant and coffee flavors followed by a plush finish. Very Maipo. END
BEGIN NOW This is fairly dry, with apple and lemon flavors matched to a firm, slightly austere frame. Well-balanced, with intensity and finesse. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and forward, with clean, fresh apple, pear and fig flavors and not toast. Thank you. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy, with fresh raspberry and boysenberry fruit backed by judicious vanilla-tinged toast. END
BEGIN NOW Straightforward currant and black cherry fruit with some herb hints. Thick layer of firm toast takes over on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Broad, with pretty peach, star fruit and butter notes. Stony hint on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Trim and compact, with a pretty beam of wild berry and chewy sage and notes of violets. Finishes with an herbal tea edge. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and round, with nice plum and spice flavors. END
BEGIN NOW Attractive blackberry and fresh herb character follows through to a medium-bodied palate, with a juicy finish. Good price. END
BEGIN NOW Tangy citrus and floral notes are clean and refreshing, with a burst of tangerine on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Freshly cut star fruit and melon aromas are followed by hints of anise, peach and flowers. Nice firm edge through the finish keeps it honest. END
BEGIN NOW Plump up front, with well-defined chive, lemon curd and gooseberry flavors backed by a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and juicy, with grapefruit and mineral flavors on a crisp frame. END
BEGIN NOW Plump, with grapefruit, lemon and chive flavors followed by a flinty note on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Peach and spice notes and a rich texture here, yet there's also a sense of reserve. Moderate concentration and length. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp in texture, with lovely black pepper notes around the blueberry and plum flavors, finishing lithe and graceful. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty, pure beam of black cherry fruit backed by herb and tobacco notes. Fruit takes an encore on the modestly structured finish. Grenache, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and Cinsault. END
BEGIN NOW Sports an off-dry feel, with green almond, spice, peach and persimmon flavors backed by a lightly sweet finish. Nice vibrancy. END
BEGIN NOW This powerful red marries ripe fruit, toasty oak and a muscular structure, offering cassis, kirsch, lead pencil and mineral flavors that are thick and deep. END
BEGIN NOW Dark and sappy, this ripe red delivers punchy plum and blackberry flavors, with balance and plenty of chocolate from oak. Modern style. END
BEGIN NOW Forward and juicy, with apple, butter and floral notes followed by modest toast on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and zingy, with a crisp texture to set off pretty apple and herb flavors, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp in texture, with a polished sheen to the earthy currant and prune flavors, lingering modestly. END
BEGIN NOW Light and lively, with raspberry and watermelon aromas and flavors, finishing off dry. END
BEGIN NOW Does a nice rendition of a Kabinett Riesling with a floral aroma and mineral, green peach and melony flavors. Clean, fresh finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Focused, with textbook varietal flavors of black currant and tobacco, followed by a smooth, smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Juicy and forward, with tasty plum, black cherry and bacon notes that run through the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Muscular, with an appealing rustic touch, and flavors of red cherry, white plum and black pepper, with some herbal notes. Crisp finish, with plenty of tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Fragrant, with intense ripe plum, olive, cedar and spicy red currant flavors, ending with a bright, lively aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Plump and fresh with lime and grapefruit notes. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW A pure fruit bomb of Fuji apple and fresh lemons, with appealing flavors that deftly balance crisp and creamy. A real quaffer. END
BEGIN NOW Buttery apple aromas, with hints of pear, toast and spice. Flavors are straightforward but creamy and appealing. END
BEGIN NOW Nice focused grass, lemon zest and lime flavors with a juicy finish. Bright and refreshing. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW Lively citrus, lemon and green apple flavors are crisp and vibrant, ending with a cleansing aftertaste and hint of hazelnut. END
BEGIN NOW Robust medium-bodied white, with vanilla bean, cream, peach and honeydew melon flavors, all wrapped inside a firm structure. Notes of butterscotch emerge on the rich finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Lovely snap to the peach and citrus notes. It picks up a hint of mineral and shows fine balance and harmony. Moderate length. END
BEGIN NOW Nice focus, with black cherry, game, mineral and toast notes that stay fresh through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Freshly cut pear and apple flavors pick up a nice touch of cedar and spice, with hints of nutmeg and melon showing on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Soft and open-textured, with pretty pear, honeydew and floral aromas and flavors, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Dry, polished and jazzy, with a distinctive petroleum note overlaying the grapefruit and floral flavors, lingering nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Smells a bit stale with a fresh soap aroma. It tastes better, with ripe, rich, intense pear, lemon and citrus flavors that avoid being cloying. END
BEGIN NOW Big and ripe, with lots of bramble, blackberry and tobacco notes. Tarry edge to the chunky finish. Could use a little finesse, but should be tamed by hearty fare. END
BEGIN NOW Slathered with rich, fruity flavors that entice with ripe plum, a hint of prune, pepper, anise and spice. A touch of cedary oak folds in on the finish, and it's supported by firm tannins and ending with a smoky aftertaste. Carignane, Syrah, Zinfandel and END
BEGIN NOW Rich in texture, with a balsamic edge to the ripe plum and berry flavors, finishing with a touch of spice and earthiness. Best from 2008 through 2012. 15,000 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty apricot, mango and spice aromas lead to rich and and toasty flavors that finish with a silky, oily texture. A catchall white blend dominated by Chenin Blanc and Chardonnay. Chenin Blanc, Chardonnay, Viognier, Sauvignon Blanc and Orange Muscat. Drin END
BEGIN NOW Bright, tasty mix of red and blackberry fruit, with vanilla and mocha notes framing the juicy finish. Malbec and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Mature, with good richness and complexity built around a core of earthy pear, spice and hazelnut flavors. Finishes with a nice dry aftertaste. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and ripe, with spicy, meaty cherry flavors that linger on the polished finish. Best after 2007. 12,000 cases imported. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp, well-structured red, with hearty berry, plum and mineral flavors, with notes of savory herbs. Smoke and spice elements give a good lift to the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tasty, with fresh cut pear, fig and mineral notes. Plump and juicy through the finish with the minerality stretching it out nicely. END
BEGIN NOW Lively and appealing for its grapefruit and cream aromas and flavors, lingering on the fine-textured finish. END
BEGIN NOW Lively, balanced and fresh-tasting, with berry, cherry and notes of dark chocolate and mulled apple on the finish. Try with roasted poultry. END
BEGIN NOW Very fruity, modern style, with effusive aromas and flavors of blueberry and blackberry. There's a touch of elegance to this as well and notes of cardamom on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth and round, with tangy acidity supporting the pear and apricot flavors, lingering well. END
BEGIN NOW Bright and appealing for its pear and sweet pea aromas and flavors, persisting nicely on the relatively delicate finish. END
BEGIN NOW Tart, lively style has lime, toast and apple flavors that linger on the finely tuned finish. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe, with medium-weight black cherry, plum and briar flavors. Shows toast too, but the fruit lingers nicely on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Expressive peach, melon and mango flavors draw you into this fleshy white, but firm acidity gives it the backbone to match with food. Not your typical Spanish white, but alluring. END
BEGIN NOW Smooth, polished and open, offering lovely rose petal and white pepper notes around a pretty core of raspberry and currant flavors, lingering well. END
BEGIN NOW Firm, with meaty currant and dusky spice flavors that linger on the chewy finish. Needs time to settle in. Best from 2006 through 2010. 6,000 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Solid, with juicy red currant and blackberry fruit followed by sweet toast and smoke notes. Nice fleshy finish. END
BEGIN NOW This shows medium-weight red currant and raspberry fruit, along with a high-toned floral hint. Jammy but bright on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW This white is lively and balanced, with distinctive flavors of tangerine, kiwi and honeysuckle. A lively aperitif, it has just enough depth for lighter dishes. Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe-tasting and a touch rustic, with good concentration to its lanolin, pear and almond flavors. Hints of pineapple and smoke on the clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Good straightforward Pinot Grigio with lemon rind and apple aromas and flavors. Medium body. Fruity finish. END
BEGIN NOW Gains momentum, with fine concentration to grass, lemon-lime, earth and grapefruit skin flavors. Tart acidity keeps coming on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Cocoa and coffee notes frame blueberry fruit in this plush red. It's plump on the palate, with well-integrated tannins and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Open-knit, with lots of blueberry and vanilla aromas and flavors. Dash of firm cocoa on the finish. Malbec and Tempranillo. END
BEGIN NOW Refreshingly easy, with fleshy raspberry and red cherry fruit followed by modest toast on the creamy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Elegant, floral style with red berry fruit, vanilla and violet notes. Creamy, toasty finish. END
BEGIN NOW Aromatic, with ripe pear, apple and smoke flavors. Fresh and nicely concentrated with creamy spice notes on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Classic Zinfandel nuances. Firm and peppery, with a rich core of berry, black pepper, plum and fresh herb notes that are complex and concentrated, ending with a cedary edge to the tannins. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe, medium-bodied red, filled with silky tannins and lush raspberry, game and meat flavors. Well-balanced, lively and fresh, with a chocolaty finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh red, with black fruit and light vanilla character. Medium-bodied, with a firm, young feel. Very quaffable. END
BEGIN NOW An up-front, fruity red, with ripe plum, mineral and a touch of fresh herb. Medium-bodied, with integrated tannins and a fresh fruit and mineral finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty, with light peach, floral and lemon notes. Crisp, clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fragrant, evoking floral and spice aromas and flavors, this is rich and soft, yet gets a boost from a grapefruit note on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW A fresh and fruity red with plum and sweet tobacco character. Medium-bodied, soft texture and a fruity finish. Solid Chianti for the money, as always. END
BEGIN NOW  END
BEGIN NOW This is rich and juicy, adding an extra dimension to the apple, pear and lemon notes. Good length too. END
BEGIN NOW Pure jam. Full-bodied, velvety and thick with loads of raspberry character. Slightly one-dimensional, but good quality. Sangiovese and Cabernet Sauvignon. END
BEGIN NOW Nice richness, with lemon zest and pink grapefruit flavors followed by a crisp, steely finish. END
BEGIN NOW Full-bodied, with soft, round tannins and plenty of chocolate and berry flavors. Mostly Sangiovese. END
BEGIN NOW Plum and blackberry aromas and flavors follow through to a medium-bodied palate, with soft tannins and a pretty finish. Very nicely done. END
BEGIN NOW A decent young red, with jammy damson and vanilla that turns chocolaty on the palate. Medium body. Young and supple. Well done. END
BEGIN NOW Interesting wine with plum, black pepper and berry character. Medium-bodied, with a good core of fruit and fine tannins. Good value here. Sangiovese and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Spicy and fruity with plum and meat character. Medium-bodied, round and soft. Sangiovese, Merlot, Syrah and Petit Verdot. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty pear, apple and mineral notes here, with crisp acidity as well. Better than their reserva in this vintage. END
BEGIN NOW This one sneaks up on you, offering pleasant green apple, lime and spice flavors up front, and then it deepens with pepper and caramel notes as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, ripe and immensely appealing, a lovely, layered wine with yummy blackberry, currant and cherry flavors, picking up hints of cedar as the finish lingers. END
BEGIN NOW Soft, with sweet plum and spice flavors, lingering quietly on the velvety finish. END
BEGIN NOW Sweet blackberry fruit, with nice smoke and spice notes. Ripe and creamy textured. END
BEGIN NOW Soft in texture, with lightly sweet citrus and pineapple aromas and flavors, finishing with a tangy balance of acidity. END
BEGIN NOW Clean, forward style, with grape and plum fruit augmented with mineral and sweet tobacco notes. Nice flesh on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Boysenberry, cherry, chocolate and mineral notes mingle in this light, focused red. It has a good balance of tannins and acidity, and the finish is clean, with floral and spicy notes. END
BEGIN NOW Solid raspberry fruit is covered with thick bacon and toast notes. Fleshy and concentrated, with the toast winning out in the end. For fans of the style. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe, juicy style has pretty blueberry and currant fruit up front, with a touch of green on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Solid red currant and black cherry flavors are augmented by modest toast and hints of vanilla, herbs and briar. Juicy finish opens up nicely. Terrific value. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe and fruit-driven for a Pinotage, with plum, briar, cocoa and toast notes running through the medium-weight finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and tangy, lively with juicy blackberry and slightly herbal flavors. END
BEGIN NOW This fresh, fruity red shows modest structure and good balance, with ripe plum, light cigar box and spice notes and a clean finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fresh and bouncy, with white peach, lemon zest and mineral notes. Crisp finish too. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and light on its feet, with citrus, stone and peach flavors, and some herbal notes, which carry through to the finish.  END
BEGIN NOW Pretty, unadorned style, with peach, floral and mineral notes. Crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Good black cherry, mineral, sage and cocoa flavors here, with fresh acidity carrying the finish. Hint of spice cake too. END
BEGIN NOW Flashy toast and cocoa leads the way for very ripe blackberry and boysenberry fruit flavors, followed by notes of graphite and tar on the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Crisp and citrusy, with lots of lemon peel and sea salt flavors. Fresh finish. END
BEGIN NOW Rustic version, with mint and briar notes weaving through blackberry and plum fruit. Slightly chewy finish, but good fruit. END
BEGIN NOW Nice easy texture, with black cherry and plum fruit followed by sweet toast. Great value. END
BEGIN NOW Nice black cherry and currant fruit is augmented by sage, mineral and toast notes. Muscular, smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Forward, modern style, with lots of coffee and cocoa notes riding over black cherry and plum fruit. Firm and toasty on the finish. For fans of the style. END
BEGIN NOW Creamy texture, with lots of forward raspberry and blackberry fruit. Sweet toast, briar and mocha notes frame the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Fleshy, with firm cocoa, black currant, tobacco and toast flavors. Slightly firm finish, but solid concentration throughout. END
BEGIN NOW Chewy and forward-tasting, with plum, boysenberry and rare meat flavors. Mineral and iron notes envelope the finish. A sturdy quaffer for a picnic. END
BEGIN NOW Chewy, briary Malbec, with blackberry and blueberry fruit followed by slightly rustic tannins. Should soften a touch with brief cellaring, but not as vivid as the best. END
BEGIN NOW Lithe and light on its feet, with ripe currant and cherry fruit, polished texture and easy-drinking style. END
BEGIN NOW This expressive red is rich with black cherry and chocolate flavors. The tannins are firm, but the wine remains balanced through the smoky finish. END
BEGIN NOW Light and lacy, with pretty lime, floral and sea salt notes followed by a crisp finish. END
BEGIN NOW Pretty, traditional style, with creamy texture and a stony underpinning to the peach and honeysuckle notes. Soft finish. END
BEGIN NOW A spicy, medium-bodied white, with white peach and a touch of herb flavors. Finishes with melon and vanilla notes. Grenache Blanc, Viognier, Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with red cherry and plum flavors and some smoky notes on the finish; a well-structured red that needs a good hanger steak. END
BEGIN NOW Rich and fleshy, with beef, peppery plum and lead pencil shadings. Shows its tannic muscle on the finish. An exceptional value at this price and should reward short-term cellaring. END
BEGIN NOW Strong backbone and purity mark this medium-bodied red. Dark plum, mineral and smoke flavors dominate, with some meat notes on the finish. Grenache, Syrah and Merlot. END
BEGIN NOW Rich, with melon, peach and floral notes followed by a creamy finish. Hint of smoke, too. END
BEGIN NOW Nice and ripe, with red and black cherry fruit followed by cocoa, toast and grilled herb notes. END
BEGIN NOW Dark plum and raisin notes remain elegant, with shadings of cocoa, grilled herb and END
BEGIN NOW Supple, with dark cherry and plum fruit supported by vanilla and mineral notes. Clean, modern style. END
BEGIN NOW Tart, with lean intensity to freshly mown hay, lemon-lime and green apple tones highlighted by a lingering grass note. END
BEGIN NOW A bright, forward red, with delicious spicy cherry and kirschlike flavors. Good structure, with a lingering finish of cinnamon and allspice. END
BEGIN NOW Medium-bodied, with red cherry, raspberry, spice and mocha flavors. Good structure and depth, with a milk chocolate finish. END
BEGIN NOW A bright and supple red, reminiscent of a END
BEGIN NOW Nice core of black cherry, black olive and briar, with a ripe, muscular finish. END
BEGIN NOW A gutsy Cabernet, with concentrated dark plum, espresso, mocha and appealing herb flavors. Good structure, with sturdy tannins and a finish filled with dark chocolate notes. Best from 2006 through 2009. 8,500 cases made. END
BEGIN NOW Tasty plum and black cherry flavors are forward and open-knit, with toast and briar hints on the easy finish. END
BEGIN NOW Clean, fresh and lively, offering crunchy flavors of lime, stone and spice, with appealing grassy elements as well. Good structure. END
BEGIN NOW Good depth and intensity to this medium-bodied red. Fruity but restrained. Red plum and cherry flavors dominate, with some peppery and meaty elements. END
BEGIN NOW Shows more Cabernet than Shiraz flavors, with crisp cherry and red plum flavors, smoky and herbal notes and good structure. Well-done for the style. END
BEGIN NOW Ripe, with very good concentration to melon, coconut milk and roasted pineapple flavors. Lively citrus and a grass accent keeps it focused through the finish. END
BEGIN NOW Smells sweet and ripe, with apple and pear blossom scents. Shows off appley flavors, with a hint of spice. END
